richard_donner|Richard Donner
yves-angelo|Yves Angelo
omar_naim|Omar Naim
stan_winston|Stan Winston
paul_verhoeven|Paul Verhoeven
tanya_wexler|Tanya Wexler
seth_kearsley|Seth Kearsley
bava|Bava
chris-newby|Chris Newby
dorian_walker|Dorian Walker
bruno_barreto|Bruno Barreto
jeanclaude-lauzon|Jean-Claude Lauzon
yale_strom|Yale Strom
adrian_lyne|Adrian Lyne
wim_wenders|Wim Wenders
paul_miller|Paul Miller
phillip_borsos|Phillip Borsos
armand_mastroianni|Armand Mastroianni
jan_hrebejk|Jan Hrebejk
tom_hanks|Tom Hanks
alan_gibson|Alan Gibson
dennis-iliadis|Dennis Iliadis
josh_becker|Josh Becker
joshua_logan|Joshua Logan
hideshi_hino|Hideshi Hino
dwight_yoakam|Dwight Yoakam
larry_wachowski|Larry Wachowski
yoshifumi_kondo|Yoshifumi Kondo
alex_zamm|Alex Zamm
gavin-hood|Gavin Hood
howard_morris|Howard Morris
1078733-mark_tarlov|Mark Tarlov
gary_chapman|Gary Chapman
bob_odenkirk|Bob Odenkirk
jae_young_kwak|Jae-young Kwak
alan_taylor|Alan Taylor
tommy_ohaver|Tommy O'Haver
joe_may|Joe May
john_bonito|John Bonito
jason_alexander|Jason Alexander
bruno_pesery|Bruno Pésery
1176587-larry_clark|Larry Clark
_0557501|Laetitia Masson
john_carney|John Carney
robert_moresco|Robert Moresco
gilberto_de_anda|Gilberto de Anda
james_dr_hickox|James D.R. Hickox
peter_h_hunt|Peter H. Hunt
norman_mcleod|Norman McLeod
john_r_leonetti|John R. Leonetti
chris_smith|Chris Smith
anthony_pelissier|Anthony Pelissier
jeffrey_porter|Jeffrey Porter
lionel_c_martin|Lionel C. Martin
james_neilson|James Neilson
stanley_kubrick|Stanley Kubrick
dominique_otheningirard|Dominique Othenin-Girard
wu_tianming|Wu Tianming
steve_conrad|Steve Conrad
takao_okawara|Takao Okawara
buddy_van_horn|Buddy Van Horn
_0174903|Nicole Conn
paul_o_beale|Paul O. Beale
john_cassavetes|John Cassavetes
jang_hyunsoo|Jang Hyun-soo
julie_davis|Julie Davis
jack_nicholson|Jack Nicholson
stuart_gillard|Stuart Gillard
marziyeh-meshkin|Marzieh Meshkini
james_glickenhaus|James Glickenhaus
adam_abraham|Adam Abraham
mennan-yapo|Mennan Yapo
martin_ritt|Martin Ritt
stuart_urban|Stuart Urban
claude_sautet|Claude Sautet
_0319241|John Gilling
denys_arcand|Denys Arcand
michael_oblowitz|Michael Oblowitz
andrew_prendergast|Andrew Prendergast
darrel_james_roodt|Darrel James Roodt
fredi_m_murer|Fredi M. Murer
joyce_chopra|Joyce Chopra
aaron_lubarsky|Aaron Lubarsky
1181728-eric_valette|Eric Valette
jorg_buttgereit|Jörg Buttgereit
james_f_robinson|James F. Robinson
john_glen|John Glen
e_max_frye|E. Max Frye
gyoergy_palfi|György Pálfi
mike_nichols|Mike Nichols
francesco_rosi|Francesco Rosi
trevor_nunn|Trevor Nunn
pierre_trividic|Pierre Trividic
ted_kotcheff|Ted Kotcheff
shari_springer_berman|Shari Springer Berman
nobuhiro_yamashita|Nobuhiro Yamashita
franklin_j_schaffner|Franklin J. Schaffner
gary_sinise|Gary Sinise
james_b_rogers|James B. Rogers
prince|Prince
xiaogang-feng|Xiaogang Feng
shinji_aramaki|Shinji Aramaki
carter_smith|Carter Smith
roger_avary|Roger Avary
george_armitage|George Armitage
richard_glatzer|Richard Glatzer
peter_cattaneo|Peter Cattaneo
ed_harris|Ed Harris
jerome_robbins|Jerome Robbins
claude_jutra|Claude Jutra
larry_leker|Larry Leker
martin_brest|Martin Brest
ari_folman|Ari Folman
scott_alexander|Scott Alexander
savage_steve_holland|Savage Steve Holland
kristoffer_tabori|Kristoffer Tabori
john_landis|John Landis
james_algar|James Algar
jesus_franco|Jesus Franco
jenniphr_goodman|Jenniphr Goodman
pete_michels|Pete Michels
david_veloz|David Veloz
sylvester_stallone|Sylvester Stallone
peter_bogdanovich|Peter Bogdanovich
lab_ky_mo|Lab Ky Mo
robert_ramirez|Robert Ramirez
enki-bilal|Enki Bilal
405588404|Nikolaj Arcel
gigi_gaston|Gigi Gaston
_0504297|Michael Lessac
mort_ransen|Mort Ransen
steve_spaz_williams|Steve 'Spaz' Williams
1184963-alexandre_bustillo|Alexandre Bustillo
igor_kovalyov|Igor Kovalyov
eric_steven_stahl|Eric Steven Stahl
robin-hardy|Robin Hardy
1181007-juan_antonio_bayona|Juan Antonio Bayona
maurice_pialat|Maurice Pialat
richard_spence|Richard Spence
william_wiard|William Wiard
lee_seungryeol|Lee Seung-ryeol
jason_reitman|Jason Reitman
doug_ellin|Doug Ellin
_0414302|Simcha Jacobovici
_0898603|Christian Vincent
brian_goodman|Brian Goodman
jacques_martineau|Jacques Martineau
blake_van_de_graaf|Blake Van de Graaf
mark_disalle|Mark DiSalle
marcus_raboy|Marcus Raboy
brad-mcgann|Brad McGann
aviva-kempner|Aviva Kempner
danny_cannon|Danny Cannon
jack_baran|Jack Baran
amol-shetge|Amol Shetge
gordon_parks|Gordon Parks
ann_hu|Ann Hu
peter_markle|Peter Markle
tom_mcloughlin|Tom McLoughlin
brad_mirman|Brad Mirman
ron_clements|Ron Clements
yvan_attal|Yvan Attal
pawel_pawlikowski|Pawel Pawlikowski
thomas_michael_donnelly|Thomas Michael Donnelly
mimi_leder|Mimi Leder
mario_bava|Mario Bava
charles_stone_iii|Charles Stone
keenen_ivory_wayans|Keenen Ivory Wayans
michael_burke|Michael Burke
raoul_ruiz|Raoul Ruiz
richard_benjamin|Richard Benjamin
norman_panama|Norman Panama
penelope_spheeris|Penelope Spheeris
luchino_visconti|Luchino Visconti
simon_shore|Simon Shore
bryan-gunnar-cole|Bryan Gunnar Cole
nicholas_ray|Nicholas Ray
philip_dunne|Philip Dunne
_0478303|Marcel L'Herbier
charles_frend|Charles Frend
ondrej_trojan|Ondrej Trojan
david_fincher|David Fincher
_0718008|Lucas Reiner
david_monahan|David Monahan
jerome_foulon|Jerome Foulon
fred_schepisi|Fred Schepisi
bob_smeaton|Bob Smeaton
jerry_london|Jerry London
jeff_probst|Jeff Probst
marcello_thedford|Marcello Thedford
edmund_goulding|Edmund Goulding
stan_lathan|Stan Lathan
fengliang_yang|Fengliang Yang
jiri_menzel|Jirí Menzel
chris_hegedus|Chris Hegedus
richard_greenberg|Richard Greenberg
sandi_dubowski|Sandi DuBowski
_0305054|José Luis Garci
will-vinton|Will Vinton
bill_rebane|Bill Rebane
bakhtiar_khudojnazarov|Bakhtiar Khudojnazarov
1058590-david_leland|David Leland
john_berry|John Berry
kim_ji_woon|Kim Ji-woon
melvin_van_peebles|Melvin Van Peebles
aleksi_makela|Aleksi Mäkelä
phil_roman|Phil Roman
david_slade|David Slade
steve_hickner|Steve Hickner
gottfried_reinhardt|Gottfried Reinhardt
perry_henzell|Perry Henzell
antonio_banderas|Antonio Banderas
tony_gatlif|Tony Gatlif
don_michael_paul|Don Michael Paul
1164053-david_lachapelle|David LaChapelle
john_turturro|John Turturro
michael_haussman|Michael Haussman
nicole_kassell|Nicole Kassell
rob-vanalkemade|Rob VanAlkemade
george_seaton|George Seaton
darren_grant|Darren Grant
rene_laloux|René Laloux
anderson_paul|Anderson Paul
blake_edwards|Blake Edwards
paul_justman|Paul Justman
gary_oldman|Gary Oldman
john_lee_hancock|John Lee Hancock
joe_mendez|Joe Mendez
julie_bertuccelli|Julie Bertuccelli
jeffrey_nachmanoff|Jeffrey Nachmanoff
jan_sverak|Jan Sverák
eric_red|Eric Red
herbert_ross|Herbert Ross
andrew_dominik|Andrew Dominik
kelly_asbury|Kelly Asbury
jeff_kanew|Jeff Kanew
saul_dibb|Saul Dibb
amir_valina|Amir Valina
nick_cassavetes|Nick Cassavetes
satoshi_kon|Satoshi Kon
farhad_mann|Farhad Mann
david_lowell_rich|David Lowell Rich
john_cameron_mitchell|John Cameron Mitchell
perry-andelin-blake|Perry Andelin Blake
1069974-robert_stone|Robert Stone
eric_hannah|Eric Hannah
trent-cooper|Trent Cooper
leonid_boyko|Leonid Boyko
harry_winer|Harry Winer
billy_morrissette|Billy Morrissette
brenton_spencer|Brenton Spencer
richard_fleischer|Richard Fleischer
stephen_norrington|Stephen Norrington
todd_stephens|Todd Stephens
dalton_trumbo|Dalton Trumbo
michael_blieden|Michael Blieden
trey_parker|Trey Parker
shainee_gabel|Shainee Gabel
_0365131|Monika Harris
steve_shill|Steve Shill
julian_jarrold|Julian Jarrold
jim_abrahams|Jim Abrahams
gerard_krawczyk|Gérard Krawczyk
louis_j_gasnier|Louis J. Gasnier
hsiaohsien_hou|Hsiao-hsien Hou
andrew-gallerani|Andrew Gallerani
david_kane|David Kane
callie_khouri|Callie Khouri
marita_giovanni|Marita Giovanni
harold_d_schuster|Harold D. Schuster
patrick_read_johnson|Patrick Read Johnson
george_ratliff|George Ratliff
michael_powell|Michael Powell
_0675479|Bill Persky
patrick_gilmore_iii|Patrick Gilmore (III)
jonathan-karsh|Jonathan Karsh
ubaldo_ragona|Ubaldo Ragona
jan_eliasberg|Jan Eliasberg
roy_allen_smith|Roy Allen Smith
james_edward_grant|James Edward Grant
ken_wiederhorn|Ken Wiederhorn
james_signorelli|James Signorelli
martina_kudlacek|Martina Kudlácek
seth_macFarlane|Seth MacFarlane
anders_w_berthelsen|Anders W. Berthelsen
james_toback|James Toback
_0770474|Robert Scheerer
mamoru_oshii|Mamoru Oshii
robert_harmon|Robert Harmon
william_peter_blatty|William Peter Blatty
philip_saville|Philip Saville
joel_hopkins|Joel Hopkins
percy_adlon|Percy Adlon
dylan_kidd|Dylan Kidd
vincent_ward|Vincent Ward
gina_prince|Gina Prince
agnes_merlet|Agnès Merlet
lisa_cholodenko|Lisa Cholodenko
sam_jones|Sam Jones
laurence_olivier|Laurence Olivier
john_g_avildsen|John G. Avildsen
shigehiro_ozawa|Shigehiro Ozawa
olivier-marchal|Olivier Marchal
frank_laloggia|Frank LaLoggia
tom_desimone|Tom DeSimone
bruce_malmuth|Bruce Malmuth
jaeeun_jeong|Jae-eun Jeong
vittorio_de_sica|Vittorio De Sica
richard_brooks_i|Richard Brooks I
arthur_penn|Arthur Penn
anthony_asquith|Anthony Asquith
kurt_neumann|Kurt Neumann
1036586-chris_williams|Chris Williams
holly_goldberg_sloan|Holly Goldberg Sloan
jeff_bleckner|Jeff Bleckner
christine_jeffs|Christine Jeffs
andrzej_wajda|Andrzej Wajda
mitch_davis|Mitch Davis
busby_berkeley|Busby Berkeley
jim_kaufman|Jim Kaufman
jerry_zaks|Jerry Zaks
gavin_oconner|Gavin O'Conner
shunji_iwai|Shunji Iwai
martin_hynes|Martin Hynes
francis_megahy|Francis Megahy
david_yates|David Yates
peter_hyams|Peter Hyams
hironobu_sakaguchi|Hironobu Sakaguchi
harold_ramis|Harold Ramis
greg_berlanti|Greg Berlanti
richard_lang|Richard Lang
kwontaek_im|Kwon-taek Im
agnes_jaoui|Agnès Jaoui
kuk_kwok_leung|Kuk Kwok Leung
brett_thompson|Brett Thompson
linda_mendoza|Linda Mendoza
john_warren|John Warren
william_malone|William Malone
jason_priestley|Jason Priestley
gil-kenan|Gil Kenan
eric_eason|Eric Eason
jim_mcbride|Jim McBride
richard_pearce|Richard Pearce
danny_steinmann|Danny Steinmann
larry_david|Larry David
susan_streitfeld|Susan Streitfeld
rip_torn|Rip Torn
bj_alexander|B.J. Alexander
robert_kurtzman|Robert Kurtzman
1141962-richard_kelly|Richard Kelly
alan_rickman|Alan Rickman
basil_dearden|Basil Dearden
charles_loventhal|Charles Loventhal
joel_gallen|Joel Gallen
10002677-chris_hall|Chris Hall
1043170-george_b_seitz|George B. Seitz
chris_bell|Chris Bell
bill_forsyth|Bill Forsyth
shohei_imamura|Shohei Imamura
kayo-hatta|Kayo Hatta
tim_story|Tim Story
frank_miller|Frank Miller (II)
john-ruane|John Ruane
margarethe_von_trotta|Margarethe von Trotta
alex_holdridge|Alex Holdridge
steven_zaillian|Steven Zaillian
cedric_sundstrom|Cedric Sundstrom
john_bruno|John Bruno
ramon_menendez|Ramón Menéndez
john_dower|John Dower
christopher_menaul|Christopher Menaul
arliss_howard|Arliss Howard
greg_pritikin|Greg Pritikin
jocelyn_moorhouse|Jocelyn Moorhouse
susanne_ofteringer|Susanne Ofteringer
edward_buzzell|Edward Buzzell
chi_moui_lo|Chi Moui Lo
jennifer-lynch|Jennifer Chambers Lynch
james_algar_and_clyde_geronimi|James Algar & Clyde Geronimi
francois_dupeyron|François Dupeyron
susan_warms_dryfoos|Susan Warms Dryfoos
bille_woodruff|Bille Woodruff
renny_bartlett|Renny Bartlett
elizabeth_pena|Elizabeth Peña
tom_decillo|Tom Decillo
yang_tuenping|Yang Tuen-Ping
leander_haussmann|Leander Haußmann
john_hamburg|John Hamburg
peyton_reed|Peyton Reed
thomas_bentley|Thomas Bentley
jonathan_caouette|Jonathan Caouette
robert_allan_ackerman|Robert Allan Ackerman
bruce_mcculloch|Bruce McCulloch
christian_gonzalez|Christian Gonzalez
fred_coe|Fred Coe
stephenjanderson|Stephen J. Anderson
anand_tucker|Anand Tucker
mikhail_kalatozov|Mikhail Kalatozov
valentine_davies|Valentine Davies
evelyn_purcell|Evelyn Purcell
mike_barker|Mike Barker
peter_sollett|Peter Sollett
william_nicholson|William Nicholson
eva_sereny|Eva Sereny
peter_baldwin|Peter Baldwin
gary_ross|Gary Ross
timbor_bekmambetov|Timur Bekmambetov
kathryn_bigelow|Kathryn Bigelow
felix_enriquez_alcala|Félix Enríquez Alcalá
glen_pitre|Glen Pitre
christopher_hampton|Christopher Hampton
ted_nicolaou|Ted Nicolaou
lucky_mckee|Lucky McKee
lewis_teague|Lewis Teague
bryan_lewis|Bryan Lewis
andy_tennant|Andy Tennant
joe-flood|Joe Flood
jack_couffer|Jack Couffer
carlos_carrera|Carlos Carrera
michael_catonjones|Michael Caton-Jones
scott_winant|Scott Winant
richard_t_heffron|Richard T. Heffron
victor_saville|Victor Saville
tuck-tucker|Tuck Tucker
carl_schultz|Carl Schultz
alain_berliner|Alain Berliner
manny_nathan_hahn|Manny Nathan Hahn
john_schlesinger|John Schlesinger
1013265-james_robinson|James Robinson
thomas_mccarthy|Thomas McCarthy
tarsem|Tarsem Singh
brent_maddock|Brent Maddock
1073412-nancy_walker|Nancy Walker
clare_kilner|Clare Kilner
jackie_kong|Jackie Kong
hiroyuki_okiura|Hiroyuki Okiura
dorothy_arzner|Dorothy Arzner
alan_hruska|Alan Hruska
wesley_ruggles|Wesley Ruggles
terry_george|Terry George
jonathan_mostow|Jonathan Mostow
josef_fares|Josef Fares
austin_chick|Austin Chick
jeff_feuerzeig|Jeff Feuerzeig
gregg_araki|Gregg Araki
saul_metzstein|Saul Metzstein
harold_becker|Harold Becker
john_boorman|John Boorman
clive_a_smith|Clive A. Smith
paul_rodriguez|Paul Rodriguez
gary_halvorson|Gary Halvorson
tom_shadyac|Tom Shadyac
john_milius|John Milius
kohtaru_terauchi|Kohtaru Terauchi
dale_stelly|Dale Stelly
catherine_hardwicke|Catherine Hardwicke
1184531-stephen_walker|Stephen Walker
yves_robert|Yves Robert
lucile_hadzihalilovic|Lucile Hadzihalilovic
1053511-steve_james|Steve James
rusty_cundieff|Rusty Cundieff
dein-perry|Dein Perry
mark_palansky|Mark Palansky
michael_tolkin|Michael Tolkin
brian_hutton|Brian G. Hutton
trevor_moore|Trevor Moore
rosanna_arquette|Rosanna Arquette
christian-charles|Christian Charles
jacques_perrin|Jacques Perrin
kirk_de_micco|Kirk De Micco
juan_jose_campanella|Juan José Campanella
gregory_jacobs|Gregory Jacobs
buichi_saito|Buichi Saito
achero_manas_ii|Achero Mañas
nicolas_roeg|Nicolas Roeg
1066196-rodrigo_garcia|Rodrigo García
douglas_trumbull|Douglas Trumbull
regis_wargnier|Régis Wargnier
max_faerberboeck|Max Färberböck
billy-hopkins|Billy Hopkins
philippe_mora|Philippe Mora
_0375476|Jaime Hellman
thorold_dickinson|Thorold Dickinson
costas_mandylor|Costas Mandylor
alan_j_pakula|Alan J. Pakula
randall_miller|Randall Miller
kazuya_tsurumaki|Kazuya Tsurumaki
larry_bishop|Larry Bishop
paul_lazarus|Paul Lazarus
paul_moloney|Paul Moloney
matt_maiellaro|Matt Maiellaro
quanan_wang|Quanan Wang
tony_gilroy|Tony Gilroy
_0676336|Barbara Peeters
damon_santostefano|Damon Santostefano
mario_van_peebles|Mario Van Peebles
francisco_j_lombardi|Francisco J. Lombardi
jake_kasdan|Jake Kasdan
claudia_lonow|Claudia Lonow
hugh-hudson|Hugh Hudson
walter_hill|Walter Hill
1175606-denis_dercourt|Denis Dercourt
frederic_golchan|Frederic Golchan
michael_crichton|Michael Crichton
nathan_juran|Nathan Juran
matthew_ryan_hoge|Matthew Ryan Hoge
joe_dante|Joe Dante
sidney_lanfield|Sidney Lanfield
wolfgang_petersen|Wolfgang Petersen
rob_corn|Rob Corn
simon_wells|Simon Wells
robert_de_niro|Robert De Niro
michael_coldewey|Michael Coldewey
vincent_mceveety|Vincent McEveety
tommy_lee_jones|Tommy Lee Jones
sean_anders|Sean Anders
david_twohy|David Twohy
vicente_aranda|Vicente Aranda
ken_annakin|Ken Annakin
david_decoteau|David DeCoteau
1140240-tom_brady|Tom Brady
nuri_bilge_ceylan|Nuri Bilge Ceylan
mark_pavia|Mark Pavia
gary_sherman|Gary Sherman
robert-kaylor|Robert Kaylor
mariejeanne_pascal|Marie-Jeanne Pascal
gillian_armstrong|Gillian Armstrong
alison_maclean|Alison Maclean
martha_coolidge|Martha Coolidge
malcolm_d_lee|Malcolm D. Lee
anne_de_salvo|Anne De Salvo
dagmar_schindel_hildebrad|Dagmar Schindel-Hildebrad
mark_jonathan_harris|Mark Jonathan Harris
sherm_cohen|Sherm Cohen
jonathan_nossiter|Jonathan Nossiter
wang-hong-wei|Hongwei Wang
dave_borthwick|Dave Borthwick
neil_labute|Neil LaBute
bryan_johnson|Bryan Johnson
christian_zubert|Christian Zubert
chazz_palminteri|Chazz Palminteri
allen_coulter|Allen Coulter
phillip_rhee|Phillip Rhee
adam_curtis|Adam Curtis
david_schwimmer|David Schwimmer
mathieu_kassovitz|Mathieu Kassovitz
martin_weisz|Martin Weisz
alex_turner_ii|Alex Turner (II)
kim-bartley|Kim Bartley
ken_loach|Ken Loach
dj_caruso|D.J. Caruso
manny_coto|Manny Coto
miranda_july|Miranda July
joel_surnow|Joel Surnow
james_gray|James Gray
bob_clark_iii|Bob Clark (III)
delbert_mann|Delbert Mann
genevieve_jolliffe|Geneviève Jolliffe
1190618-kevin_willmott|Kevin Willmott
scott_ziehl|Scott Ziehl
john_stainton|John Stainton
marc_evans|Marc Evans
mikael_kristersson|Mikael Kristersson
dennie_gordon|Dennie Gordon
baz_luhrmann|Baz Luhrmann
alain_chabat|Alain Chabat
reginald_le_borg|Reginald Le Borg
jeffrey_bloom|Jeffrey Bloom
bud_s_smith|Bud S. Smith
glen_goei|Glen Goei
lukas_moodysson|Lukas Moodysson
alexandre_tarta|Alexandre Tarta
skip_woods|Skip Woods
antoine_fuqua|Antoine Fuqua
paul_bogart|Paul Bogart
zhuangzhuang_tian|Zhuangzhuang Tian
menghwa_ho|Meng-Hwa Ho
edouard_molinaro|Edouard Molinaro
1185574-chris_carter|Chris Carter
tim_sullivan_iii|Tim Sullivan (III)
mike-bigelow|Mike Bigelow
brenda_chapman|Brenda Chapman
melisa_wallack|Melisa Wallack
eric_louzil|Eric Louzil
robert_cary|Robert Cary
1151855-joseph_kahn|Joseph Kahn
richard_rich|Richard Rich
richard_loncraine|Richard Loncraine
anthony_abrams|Anthony Abrams
mustafa_adouani|Mustafa Adouani
kiyoshi_kurosawa|Kiyoshi Kurosawa
michael_winterbottom|Michael Winterbottom
craig_mccracken|Craig McCracken
marek_koterski|Marek Koterski
alan_cohn|Alan Cohn
mark_robson|Mark Robson
edward_james_olmos|Edward James Olmos
david_hillenbrand|David Hillenbrand
paulo-morelli|Paulo Morelli
joseph_kane|Joseph Kane
joan_micklin_silver|Joan Micklin Silver
lyndall_hobbs|Lyndall Hobbs
howard_leeds|Howard Leeds
steve_rash|Steve Rash
michael_reeves|Michael Reeves
borja_manso|Borja Manso
russ_mayberry|Russ Mayberry
charles_robert_carner|Charles Robert Carner
mel_damski|Mel Damski
jeff_pollack|Jeff Pollack
ingmar_bergman|Ingmar Bergman
jeanjacques_beineix|Jean-Jacques Beineix
1165744-james_mcteigue|James McTeigue
tommy_lee_wallace|Tommy Lee Wallace
stanley_kwan|Stanley Kwan
jack_cardiff|Jack Cardiff
cate_shortland|Cate Shortland
brad_silberling|Brad Silberling
alan_rafkin|Alan Rafkin
ray_burdis|Ray Burdis
robert_defranco|Robert DeFranco
alice_wu|Alice Wu
aku_louhimies|Aku Louhimies
john_r_cherry|John R. Cherry
1140857-mark_frost|Mark Frost
chris_sivertson|Chris Sivertson
charles_sturridge|Charles Sturridge
paul_mcguigan|Paul McGuigan
_0326161|Allan A. Goldstein
tran_anh_hung|Tran Anh Hung
hiroshi_nishikiori|Hiroshi Nishikiori
anthony_russo|Anthony Russo
john_bailey|John Bailey
_0259589|John Erman
barbara_albert|Barbara Albert
inoshiro-honda|Ishirô Honda
gurinder_chadha|Gurinder Chadha
edvin_laine|Edvin Laine
james_lapine|James Lapine
peter_tolan|Peter Tolan
robert_lieberman|Robert Lieberman
forest_whitaker|Forest Whitaker
jean_kounen|Jean Kounen
john-antonelli|John Antonelli
harold_prince|Harold Prince
tamas-sas|Tamas Sas
richard_linklater|Richard Linklater
michael_curtiz|Michael Curtiz
1051419-robert_gordon|Robert Gordon
charles_walters|Charles Walters
deborah_brock|Deborah Brock
_0703890|John Quinn
ian_mcnaughton|Ian McNaughton
richard_w_haines|Richard W. Haines
326391904|Vondie CurtisHall
jorge_furtado|Jorge Furtado
_0417691|Zoran Janjic
nicolas_echevarria|Nicolás Echevarría
leni_riefenstahl|Leni Riefenstahl
peter_horton|Peter Horton
jeanluc_godard|Jean-Luc Godard
paul_ziller|Paul Ziller
lamont_johnson|Lamont Johnson
yuri_zeltser|Yuri Zeltser
john_malkovich|John Malkovich
1180381-john_stevenson|John Stevenson
1128440-chris_roberts|Chris Roberts
carlos_diegues|Carlos Diegues
risa_bramon_garcia|Risa Bramon Garcia
edgarulmer|Edgar G. Ulmer
rodney_gibbons|Rodney Gibbons
alex_graves|Alex Graves
douglas_sirk|Douglas Sirk
david-price|David Price
steven_spielberg|Steven Spielberg
carlo_carlei|Carlo Carlei
anthony_minghella|Anthony Minghella
elwood-perez|Elwood Perez
samira_makhmalbaf|Samira Makhmalbaf
bennett_miller|Bennett Miller
joe_pytka|Joe Pytka
ken_hughes|Ken Hughes
peter_del_monte|Peter Del Monte
paolo_barzman|Paolo Barzman
hans_weingartner|Hans Weingartner
joseph_l_mankiewicz|Joseph L. Mankiewicz
walter_lang|Walter Lang
1046415-alan_jacobs|Alan Jacobs
fritz_kiersch|Fritz Kiersch
michel_gondry|Michel Gondry
john_payson|John Payson
sean_s_cunningham|Sean S. Cunningham
henry_jaglom|Henry Jaglom
1168219-takashi_shimizu|Takashi Shimizu
al_reinert|Al Reinert
eric_byler|Eric Byler
mel_smith|Mel Smith
stuart_burge|Stuart Burge
mike_van_diem|Mike van Diem
hamlet_sarkissian|Hamlet Sarkissian
stanley_tong|Stanley Tong
james_mangold|James Mangold
1127619-matthew_diamond|Matthew Diamond
irwin_winkler|Irwin Winkler
christy_cabanne|Christy Cabanne
1175117-mark_fergus|Mark Fergus
edward_dmytryk|Edward Dmytryk
grigorij_aleksandrov|Grigori Aleksandrov
mcg|McG
nicholas-hope|Nicholas Hope
pat_oconner|Pat O'Conner
tony-piccirillo|Tony Piccirillo
john_mallory_asher|John Mallory Asher
1055580-mark_brown|Mark Brown
scott_hicks|Scott Hicks
chuck-sheetz|Chuck Sheetz
pete_schuermann|Pete Schuermann
william_wellman|William A. Wellman
mitchell-altieri|Mitchell Altieri
1045105-todd_phillips|Todd Phillips
erik_ejduk|Erik Ajduk
justin_lin|Justin Lin
gerald_potterton|Gerald Potterton
carlos_marcovich|Carlos Marcovich
neil_abramson|Neil Abramson
guillaume_canet|Guillaume Canet
kerry_conran|Kerry Conran
ryan-little|Ryan Little
john_dahl|John Dahl
kon_ichikawa|Kon Ichikawa
peter_weir|Peter Weir
byambasuren-davaa|Byambasuren Davaa
dj_pooh|D.J. Pooh
marco_tullio_giordana|Marco Tullio Giordana
arnold_laven|Arnold Laven
joseph_ellison|Joseph Ellison
derek_burbidge|Derek Burbidge
_0668132|Michael Paxton
brett_c_leonard|Brett C. Leonard
louis_ck|Louis C.K.
norberto_barba|Norberto Barba
chris_walas|Chris Walas
agnes_moorehead|Agnes Moorehead
gene_wilder|Gene Wilder
kenji_mizoguchi|Kenji Mizoguchi
conan_le_cilaire|Conan Le Cilaire
joel_bender|Joel Bender
phil_alden_robinson|Phil Alden Robinson
_0538893|Laird M. Malamed
_0402383|Chris Hunt
_0971919|Pete Jones
josee_dayan|Josée Dayan
robert_rosen|Robert Rosen
jeff_bates|Jeff Bates
philip_goodhew|Philip Goodhew
jack_clayton|Jack Clayton
john_schultz|John Schultz
andy_warhol|Andy Warhol
joseph_brooks|Joseph Brooks
1180609-jake_west|Jake West
don_siegel|Don Siegel
steven-baigelman|Steven Baigelman
daniel_waters|Daniel Waters
james_b_clark|James B. Clark
jeanjacques_annaud|Jean-Jacques Annaud
russell_mulcahy|Russell Mulcahy
donal_lardner_ward|Donal Lardner Ward
costa_botes|Costa Botes
_0525141|John Luessenhop
vince-clark|Vince Clark
chris_sanders|Chris Sanders (III)
1041466-richard_franklin|Richard Franklin
364630944|Gene Fowler Jr.
yang_zhang|Yang Zhang
abraham_polonsky|Abraham Polonsky
yoshihiro_nishimura|Yoshihiro Nishimura
frank_lloyd|Frank Lloyd
erich_von_stroheim|Erich von Stroheim
john_guillermin|John Guillermin
jean_negulesco|Jean Negulesco
liz_garbus|Liz Garbus
danielle_thompson|Danielle Thompson
kevin_s_tenney|Kevin Tenney
alex_proyas|Alex Proyas
dominique_deruddere|Dominique Deruddere
buster_keaton|Buster Keaton
joe_nussbaum|Joe Nussbaum
adam_mckay|Adam McKay
brian_dannelly|Brian Dannelly
carl_theodor_dreyer|Carl Theodor Dreyer
bruce_brown|Bruce Brown
daniel_bressanutti|Daniel Bressanutti
michael_mann|Michael Mann
alexandra-cassavetes|Alexandra Cassavetes
martin_lawrence|Martin Lawrence
john_nicolella|John Nicolella
charles_russell|Charles Russell
martin_wood|Martin Wood
joel_zwick|Joel Zwick
jerry_belson|Jerry Belson
jessica_yu|Jessica Yu
claude_nuridsany|Claude Nuridsany
james_b_harris|James B. Harris
dan-ollman|Dan Ollman
stefan_schwartz|Stefan Schwartz
charles_martin_smith|Charles Martin Smith
william_butler|William Butler
shawn_bannon|Shawn Bannon
john_hough|John Hough
rob-king|Rob King
herbert_blache|Herbert Blaché
mark_illsley|Mark Illsley
melville_shavelson|Melville Shavelson
fernando_meirelles|Fernando Meirelles
hiroshi_morioka|Hiroshi Morioka
mort_nathan|Mort Nathan
_0001555|Rob Morrow
stephen_weeks|Stephen Weeks
seth_zvi_rosenfeld|Seth Zvi Rosenfeld
gregor-schnitzler|Gregor Schnitzler
richard_eyre|Richard Eyre
ulrich_seidl|Ulrich Seidl
stacy-cochran|Stacy Cochran
rudolph_mate|Rudolph Maté
thanit_jitnukul|Thanit Jitnukul
clint_eastwood|Clint Eastwood
alexander_mackendrick|Alexander Mackendrick
joe_chappelle|Joe Chappelle
george_sidney_ii|George Sidney II
morgan_j_freeman|Morgan J. Freeman
brian_d_clark|Brian D Clark
1052316-peter_hewitt|Peter Hewitt
ted-berman|Ted Berman
samuel_fuller|Samuel Fuller
gene_cajayon|Gene Cajayon
garson_kanin|Garson Kanin
1069433-robert_young|Robert Young
david_hand|David Hand
jonas_pate|Jonas Pate
roger_gnoan_mbala|Roger Gnoan M'Bala
peter_mullan|Peter Mullan
sanaa_hamri|Sanaa Hamri
john_d_hancock|John D. Hancock
todd_graff|Todd Graff
patrick_leung|Patrick Leung
emmanuel_carrere|Emmanuel Carrere
anton_corbijn|Anton Corbijn
marc_levin|Marc Levin
david_allen|David Allen
steno|Steno
james_melkonian|James Melkonian
pj_hogan|P.J. Hogan
1136788-daniel_lee|Daniel Lee
andrew_wagner|Andrew Wagner
ladislaus_vajda|Ladislaus Vajda
michael_clancy|Michael Clancy
1174696-aaron_katz|Aaron Katz
michael_edwards|Michael Edwards
nadine_labaki|Nadine Labaki
bernard_l_kowalski|Bernard L. Kowalski
colin_brady|Colin Brady
don_bluth|Don Bluth
gene_roddenberry|Gene Roddenberry
eric_schaeffer|Eric Schaeffer
tom_mankiewicz|Tom Mankiewicz
_0172877|Laurie Collyer
yukio_kaizawa|Yukio Kaizawa
albert_dekker|Albert Dekker
frank_oz|Frank Oz
michael_mccullers|Michael McCullers
eric_radomski|Eric Radomski
cornel_wilde|Cornel Wilde
andrew_horn|Andrew Horn
1183802-miles_brandman|Miles Brandman
hilary_brougher|Hilary Brougher
_0417794|Michael Patrick Jann
george_sidney|George Sidney
andrucha_waddington|Andrucha Waddington
david_s_goyer|David S. Goyer
michael_ritchie|Michael Ritchie
1041609-michael_gordon|Michael Gordon
edward_lachman|Edward Lachman
hal_hartley|Hal Hartley
jeff_byrd|Jeff Byrd
1168035-dito_montiel|Dito Montiel
robert_iscove|Robert Iscove
julien_temple|Julien Temple
geoff_murphy|Geoff Murphy
chris_noonan|Chris Noonan
vadim_jean|Vadim Jean
thomas_bezucha|Thomas Bezucha
david_dobkin|David Dobkin
michele_soavi|Michele Soavi
1144588-peter_mattei|Peter Mattei
dale_bradley|Dale Bradley
david_beaird|David Beaird
david_nutter|David Nutter
darin_scott|Darin Scott
1036363-james_wong|James Wong
chuck_parello|Chuck Parello
henry_king|Henry King
paul_wendkos|Paul Wendkos
steve_yeager|Steve Yeager
_0858599|Caroline Thomas
steve_boyum|Steve Boyum
ulu_grosbard|Ulu Grosbard
peter_segal|Peter Segal
andrew_v_mclaglen|Andrew V. McLaglen
jamie_nolan|Jamie Nolan
john_whitesell|John Whitesell
hal_needham|Hal Needham
paul_bales|Paul Bales
marc_rothemund|Marc Rothemund
sam_weisman|Sam Weisman
michael_cuesta|Michael Cuesta
bruce_a_evans|Bruce A. Evans
dan_klores|Dan Klores
1043889-richard_stanley|Richard Stanley
chris_browne|Chris Browne
john-flynn|John Flynn
roland_emmerich|Roland Emmerich
1056180-george_pappas|George Pappas
david_anspaugh|David Anspaugh
robert_mandel|Robert Mandel
murray_lerner|Murray Lerner
charles_cozart|Charles Cozart
friz_freleng|Friz Freleng
stu_pollard|Stu Pollard
ben_affleck|Ben Affleck
jeff_blyth|Jeff Blyth
alan_arkin|Alan Arkin
anne_julien|Anne Julien
david_o_russell|David O. Russell
kevin_costner|Kevin Costner
john_cromwell|John Cromwell
david_caffrey|David Caffrey
stephen_hopkins|Stephen Hopkins
harry_moses|Harry Moses
jeff_burr|Jeff Burr
mary_cybulski|Mary Cybulski
alan_brown|Alan Brown
1185012-cao_hamburger|Cao Hamburger
gaston_kabore|Gaston Kaboré
dave_thomas|Dave Thomas
amy_heckerling|Amy Heckerling
jose_luis_cuerda|José Luis Cuerda
10004810-sophie_fiennes|Sophie Fiennes
jon_hurwitz|Jon Hurwitz
_0781341|Jakov Sedlar
ryan_parrott|Ryan Parrott
francine_mcdougall|Francine McDougall
roland_joffe|Roland Joffé
liliana_cavani|Liliana Cavani
doug_aarniokoski|Doug Aarniokoski
akira_kurosawa|Akira Kurosawa
william_richert|William Richert
vincent_sherman|Vincent Sherman
mary_harron|Mary Harron
charlie_kaufman|Charlie Kaufman
ethan_hawke|Ethan Hawke
adam-rifkin|Adam Rifkin
pier_paolo_pasolini|Pier Paolo Pasolini
joe_johnston|Joe Johnston
agnieszka_holland|Agnieszka Holland
peter_ofallon|Peter O'Fallon
harvey_miller|Harvey Miller
brian_gilbert|Brian Gilbert
yung_chang|Yung Chang
marshall_lewy|Marshall Lewy
william_wyler|William Wyler
louis_leterrier|Louis Leterrier
yu_wang|Yu Wang
bryan_spicer|Bryan Spicer
peter_m_cohen|Peter M. Cohen
charles_marquis_warren|Charles Marquis Warren
joe_roth|Joe Roth
yuri_mamin|Yuri Mamin
andre_bonzel|André Bonzel
jon_amiel|Jon Amiel
peter-antonijevic|Peter Antonijevic
patrick_creadon|Patrick Creadon
james_anderson_viii|James Anderson (VIII)
lewis_gilbert|Lewis Gilbert
eric_leighton|Eric Leighton
doug_mchenry|Doug McHenry
george_scribner|George Scribner
tinto_brass|Tinto Brass
ice_cube|Ice Cube
_0512052|Eleanor Lindo
wolfgang_becker|Wolfgang Becker
scott_frank|Scott Frank
barbra_streisand|Barbra Streisand
jon_chu|Jon Chu
scott_coffey|Scott Coffey
matthew-saville|Matthew Saville
jamaa_fanaka|Jamaa Fanaka
ruud_van_hemert|Ruud van Hemert
michael_dowse|Michael Dowse
jean_delannoy|Jean Delannoy
jeff-nichols|Jeff Nichols
michael_sarne|Michael Sarne
thaddeus_osullivan|Thaddeus O'Sullivan
paul_greengrass|Paul Greengrass
robert_radler|Robert Radler
paul_bartel|Paul Bartel
vondie_curtishall|Vondie Curtis-Hall
mitchell_lichtenstein|Mitchell Lichtenstein
robert_hiltzik|Robert Hiltzik
preston-a-whitmore-ii|Preston A. Whitmore II
john_madden|John Madden
victor_schertzinger|Victor Schertzinger
melvin_james|Melvin James
peter_hall|Peter Hall
hc_potter|H.C. Potter
_0006860|Damian Lee
m_night_shyamalan|M. Night Shyamalan
albert_henderson|Albert Henderson
lewis_allen|Lewis Allen
carl-lerner|Carl Lerner
delphine_gleize|Delphine Gleize
kenji_misumi|Kenji Misumi
jeffrey_friedman|Jeffrey Friedman
dale_schott|Dale Schott
sandy_tung|Sandy Tung
sydney_pollack|Sydney Pollack
dean_semler|Dean Semler
ray_kellogg|Ray Kellogg
josh_sternfeld|Josh Sternfeld
frank_capra|Frank Capra
shion_sono|Sion Sono
jeremy_kagan|Jeremy Kagan
william_keighley|William Keighley
george_franju|Georges Franju
zbigniew_rybczynski|Zbigniew Rybczynski
kazuyoshi_kumakiri|Kazuyoshi Kumakiri
bill_bennett|Bill Bennett
todd_solondz|Todd Solondz
uwe_boll|Uwe Boll
john_woo|John Woo
vladimir_michalek|Vladimír Michálek
manuel_boursinhac|Manuel Boursinhac
bruce_hunt|Bruce Hunt
norman_taurog|Norman Taurog
ellen_hovde|Ellen Hovde
antti_jussi_annila|Antti-Jussi Annila
michael_martin|Michael Martin
jill_sprecher|Jill Sprecher
franc-reyes|Franc Reyes
niels_mueller|Niels Mueller
1036678-tom_moore|Tom Moore
kevin_williamson|Kevin Williamson
tony_cinciripini|Tony Cinciripini
damon_dash|Damon Dash
roy_ward_baker|Roy Ward Baker
coleman_francis|Coleman Francis
michele-bernier|Michèle Bernier
robert_aldrich|Robert Aldrich
george_bowers|George Bowers
don_hartman|Don Hartman
george_fitzmaurice|George Fitzmaurice
george_pal|George Pal
brian_yuzna|Brian Yuzna
fred_gerber|Fred Gerber
andrew_douglas|Andrew Douglas
robert_moore|Robert Moore
gary_a_sherman|Gary A. Sherman
_0588553|Jason Miller
norman_ferguson|Norman Ferguson
rob_marshall|Rob Marshall
ws_van_dyke|W.S. Van Dyke
virgil_w_vogel|Virgil W. Vogel
masayuki_suo|Masayuki Suo
marcel_camus|Marcel Camus
karin_williams|Karin Williams
toru_murakawa|Toru Murakawa
cecil_b_demille|Cecil B. DeMille
robert_z_leonard|Robert Z. Leonard
george_axelrod|George Axelrod
brett_leonard|Brett Leonard
lee_hirsch|Lee Hirsch
willard_carroll|Willard Carroll
ralph_nelson|Ralph Nelson
mariano_barroso|Mariano Barroso
charles_dance|Charles Dance
patrice_chereau|Patrice Chéreau
albert_brooks|Albert Brooks
larry_thomas|Larry Thomas
mike_figgis|Mike Figgis
julia-kwan|Julia Kwan
leslie_h_martinson|Leslie H. Martinson
pauly_shore|Pauly Shore
maria_ripoll|María Ripoll
kevin_connor|Kevin Connor
paul_thomas_anderson|Paul Thomas Anderson
thomas_vinterberg|Thomas Vinterberg
matthew_parkhill|Matthew Parkhill
1060941-anthony_page|Anthony Page
damian_pettigrew|Damian Pettigrew
billy_crystal|Billy Crystal
john-walter|John Walter
francoise_kohler|Francoise Kohler
edward_burns|Edward Burns
robert_marcarelli|Robert Marcarelli
desmond_davis|Desmond Davis
michael_hoffman|Michael Hoffman
ray_enright|Ray Enright
mike_leigh|Mike Leigh
greg_beeman|Greg Beeman
fred_m_wilcox|Fred M. Wilcox
mark_piznarski|Mark Piznarski
steve_de_jarnatt|Steve De Jarnatt
jeremy_leven|Jeremy Leven
piers_haggard|Piers Haggard
arie_posin|Arie Posin
1182719-franck_khalfoun|Franck Khalfoun
charles_hermanwurmfeld|Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
fred_dekker|Fred Dekker
bruno_nuytten|Bruno Nuytten
_0006846|Ric Roman Waugh
sidney_lumet|Sidney Lumet
ted_post|Ted Post
aleksandrsokurov|Aleksandr Sokurov
daniel_cohen|Daniel Cohen
1042605-richard_murphy|Richard Murphy
marco_bellocchio|Marco Bellocchio
emmanuel_goldstein|Emmanuel Goldstein
zalman_king|Zalman King
alfred_l_werker|Alfred L. Werker
michael_mcgowan|Michael McGowan
chris-menges|Chris Menges
rodman_flender|Rodman Flender
gonzalo_suarez|Gonzalo Suárez
chris_terrio|Chris Terrio
elaine_may|Elaine May
john_a_alonzo|John A. Alonzo
karan_johar|Karan Johar
_0282425|Peter Flinth
gavin_wilding|Gavin Wilding
david_winters|David Winters
adam_shankman|Adam Shankman
claude_chabrol|Claude Chabrol
charley_rogers|Charley Rogers
tony_bui|Tony Bui
anne_wheeler|Anne Wheeler
deb_hagen|Deb Hagen
john_august|John August
john_maybury|John Maybury
kiefer_sutherland|Kiefer Sutherland
marion_hansel|Marion Hansel
_0577332|Jordan Melamed
victor_halperin|Victor Halperin
jack_pollexfen|Jack Pollexfen
tom_dicillo|Tom DiCillo
yahoo_serious|Yahoo Serious
nir_bergman|Nir Bergman
kim_henkel|Kim Henkel
jeanbaptiste-andrea|Jean-Baptiste Andrea
brian_de_palma|Brian DePalma
paul_dinello|Paul Dinello
deran_sarafian|Deran Sarafian
charles_reisner|Charles Reisner
james_keach|James Keach
john_frankenheimer|John Frankenheimer
carl-prechezer|Carl Prechezer
ghasem-ebrahimian|Ghasem Ebrahimian
paula_van_der_oest|Paula Van der Oest
carlos_saldanha|Carlos Saldanha
graham_chapman|Graham Chapman
henry_koster|Henry Koster
jeremy_podeswa|Jeremy Podeswa
george_englund|George Englund
jan_svankmajer|Jan Svankmajer
kevin_brodie|Kevin Brodie
ron_oliver|Ron Oliver
bruno_dumont|Bruno Dumont
anthony_waller|Anthony Waller
neil_jordan|Neil Jordan
juan_carlos_fresnadillo|Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
veit_helmer|Veit Helmer
1060778-joss_whedon|Joss Whedon
bart_freundlich|Bart Freundlich
dana_brown|Dana Brown
paul_f_ryan|Paul F. Ryan
melanie_mayron|Melanie Mayron
1106491-lee_rose|Lee Rose
richard_lagravenese|Richard LaGravenese
tim_hunter|Tim Hunter
christopher_muench|Christopher Münch
daniele_thompson|Danièle Thompson
zhang_yang|Zhang Yang
bruce_beresford|Bruce Beresford
rick_famuyiwa|Rick Famuyiwa
bo_arne_vibenius|Bo Arne Vibenius
garth_jennings|Garth Jennings
nigel_finch|Nigel Finch
amir-bar-lev|Amir Bar-Lev
ken_russell|Ken Russell
bob_swaim|Bob Swaim
slobodan_sijan|Slobodan Sijan
daniel_petrie_sr|Daniel Petrie Sr
henryalex_rubin|Henry-Alex Rubin
raoul_peck|Raoul Peck
jay_levey|Jay Levey
francis-glebas|Francis Glebas
christopher_cain|Christopher Cain
isabel_coixet|Isabel Coixet
maurice_joyce_ii|Maurice Joyce (II)
joan_chen|Joan Chen
jeanpierre_jeunet|Jean-Pierre Jeunet
_0754328|Olli Saarela
francisco-perez-dolz|Francisco Perez Dolz
1072502-marc_connelly|Marc Connelly
shirley-sun|Shirley Sun
frank-nissen|Frank Nissen
kemp_curly|Kemp Curly
fax_bahr|Fax Bahr
mark_goldblatt|Mark Goldblatt
atom_egoyan|Atom Egoyan
lee_daniels|Lee Daniels
bud_yorkin|Bud Yorkin
berit_nesheim|Berit Nesheim
alan-spencer|Alan Spencer
edward_bernds|Edward Bernds
olivier_megaton|Olivier Megaton
daniel_algrant|Daniel Algrant
gilbert_cates|Gilbert Cates
anders_thomas_jensen|Anders Thomas Jensen
rob_minkoff|Rob Minkoff
tom_hunsinger|Tom Hunsinger
steve_antin|Steve Antin
alek-keshishian|Alek Keshishian
fernando_trueba|Fernando Trueba
mark_neveldine|Mark Neveldine
dario_argento|Dario Argento
noboru_iguchi|Noboru Iguchi
jacques_becker|Jacques Becker
todd_haynes|Todd Haynes
don_abernathy|Don Abernathy
patrick-conrad|Patrick Conrad
judy_irving|Judy Irving
jan_de_bont|Jan de Bont
ernst_lubitsch|Ernst Lubitsch
dave_diamond|Dave Diamond
1175254-zach_helm|Zach Helm
hans_alfredson|Hans Alfredson
_0813583|Andrew Solt
steven_okazaki|Steven Okazaki
michael_cristofer|Michael Cristofer
denis-villeneuve|Denis Villeneuve
1162568-scott_roberts|Scott Roberts
jeonghyang_lee|Jeong-hyang Lee
maciej-dutkiewicz|Maciej Dutkiewicz
joshua_brand|Joshua Brand
anne_goursaud|Anne Goursaud
nanni_moretti|Nanni Moretti
eric-styles|Eric Styles
mel_gibson|Mel Gibson
irwin_allen|Irwin Allen
william_sachs|William Sachs
chuck_bail|Chuck Bail
freida_lee_mock|Freida Lee Mock
larry_blamire|Larry Blamire
ken_olin|Ken Olin
ryosuke_takahashi|Ryosuke Takahashi
marcus_adams|Marcus Adams
david_ayer|David Ayer
1047199-tim_pope|Tim Pope
tom_tykwer|Tom Tykwer
luis_llosa|Luis Llosa
noah_baumbach|Noah Baumbach
jeffrey_kramer|Jeffrey Kramer
chris_nahon|Chris Nahon
james_bridges|James Bridges
shane_carruth|Shane Carruth
jack_starrett|Jack Starrett
1045357-john_henderson|John Henderson
lasse_spang_olsen|Lasse Spang Olsen
lam_fookdei|Lam Fook-Dei
kinji_fukasaku|Kinji Fukasaku
josh_roybal|Josh Roybal
eric_mendelsohn|Eric Mendelsohn
1181054-ted_braun|Ted Braun
chris_kentis|Chris Kentis
james_merendino|James Merendino
david-hugh-jones|David Hugh Jones
karyn_kusama|Karyn Kusama
dave_meyers|Dave Meyers
kari_juusonen|Kari Juusonen
curtis_hanson|Curtis Hanson
jack_bender|Jack Bender
clyde_geronimi|Clyde Geronimi
stewart_raffill|Stewart Raffill
daniel_sanchez_arevalo|Daniel Sánchez Arévalo
alex_cox|Alex Cox
susannah_grant|Susannah Grant
kieron-j-walsh|Kieron J. Walsh
james_c_strouse|James C. Strouse
guillermo_del_toro|Guillermo del Toro
ed_kaplan|Ed Kaplan
julia_query|Julia Query
george_sluizer|George Sluizer
jeanclaude_brisseau|Jean-Claude Brisseau
lu_chuan|Lu Chuan
graham_baker|Graham Baker
david_shapiro|David Shapiro
bob-dahlin|Bob Dahlin
david_mallet|David Mallet
matthew_ocallaghan|Matthew O'Callaghan
mike_white|Mike White
jeanpaul_rappeneau|Jean-Paul Rappeneau
pete_travis|Pete Travis
rick_friedberg|Rick Friedberg
jane_wagner|Jane Wagner
taika-cohen|Taika Cohen
jeanpierre_denis|Jean-Pierre Denis
ashutosh_gowariker|Ashutosh Gowariker
lynn_roth|Lynn Roth
jackson_hunsicker|Jackson Hunsicker
lee_h_katzin|Lee H. Katzin
nunnally_johnson|Nunnally Johnson
george_lucas|George Lucas
frank_perry|Frank Perry
stephen_gaghan|Stephen Gaghan
lloyd_bacon|Lloyd Bacon
elie_chouraqui|Elie Chouraqui
karen_everett|Karen Everett
sherman_alexie|Sherman Alexie
ole_christian_madsen|Ole Christian Madsen
jules_dassin|Jules Dassin
sam_raimi|Sam Raimi
jeanpierre_limosin|Jean-Pierre Limosin
george_cukor|George Cukor
jan-schutte|Jan Schütte
jose-luis-valenzuela|José Luis Valenzuela
victor_heerman|Victor Heerman
coralie|Coralie
tim_blake_nelson|Tim Blake Nelson
brett_ratner|Brett Ratner
aric-avelino|Aric Avelino
espen_sandberg|Espen Sandberg
bob_spiers|Bob Spiers
pierre_boutron|Pierre Boutron
sean_jablonski|Sean Jablonski
daisuke_nishio|Daisuke Nishio
antonio_margheriti|Antonio Margheriti
celine-sciamma|Céline Sciamma
helena_solberg|Helena Solberg
tamara_jenkins|Tamara Jenkins
claude_lanzmann|Claude Lanzmann
bill_roberts|Bill Roberts
1180048-jonathan_levine|Jonathan Levine
danny_huston|Danny Huston
scott_hamilton_kennedy|Scott Hamilton Kennedy
adam-rapp|Adam Rapp
simon_west|Simon West
1147933-ryuhei_kitamura|Ryuhei Kitamura
reva_rose|Reva Rose
jeremy_brock|Jeremy Brock
walter_salles_jr|Walter Salles
jasmin_dizdar|Jasmin Dizdar
1190409-danny_jacobs|Danny Jacobs
robert_siodmak|Robert Siodmak
roderick_giles|Roderick Giles
mel_brooks|Mel Brooks
matt_reeves|Matt Reeves
harald_reinl|Harald Reinl
joseph_green|Joseph Green
dominic_sena|Dominic Sena
erick_zonca|Erick Zonca
charles_mccracken_ii|Charles McCracken (II)
allison_anders|Allison Anders
yasujiro_ozu|Yasujiro Ozu
sergei_bondarchuk|Sergei Bondarchuk
mike_hodges|Mike Hodges
stuart_orme|Stuart Orme
aaron_norris|Aaron Norris
nardo_bonomi|Nardo Bonomi
pat_proft|Pat Proft
charles_band|Charles Band
anthony_leondis|Anthony Leondis
peter_sasdy|Peter Sasdy
emilio_maille|Emilio Maille
griffin_dunne|Griffin Dunne
robert_lee_king|Robert Lee King
gregory_mars_martin|Gregory "Mars" Martin
catherine_morshead|Catherine Morshead
stephen_cornwell|Stephen Cornwell
freddie_francis|Freddie Francis
1166349-jim_brown|Jim Brown
1063458-michael_anderson|Michael Anderson
_0952569|Steven F. Zambo
michael_davis_ii|Michael Davis (II)
anita_louise|Anita Louise
steven_brill|Steven Brill
steve_gomer|Steve Gomer
lik_chi_lee|Lik-Chi Lee
julian_fellowes|Julian Fellowes
john_mcnaughton|John McNaughton
felipe_cazals|Felipe Cazals
alan_alda|Alan Alda
mike_judge|Mike Judge
alexander_korda|Alexander Korda
peter_macdonald|Peter MacDonald
michael_kalesniko|Michael Kalesniko
hunter_richards|Hunter Richards
bronwen_hughes|Bronwen Hughes
kevin_spacey|Kevin Spacey
ben_younger|Ben Younger
abel_ferrara|Abel Ferrara
ernest_b_schoedsack|Ernest B. Schoedsack
1182131-eran_kolirin|Eran Kolirin
doug_liman|Doug Liman
lewis_milestone|Lewis Milestone
lance_rivera|Lance Rivera
durville_martin|D'Urville Martin
haskell_wexler|Haskell Wexler
1176724-mark_osborne|Mark Osborne
david_kellogg|David Kellogg
peter-clifton|Peter Clifton
alex_kendrick|Alex Kendrick
_1264352|Susanna White
ib_melchior|Ib Melchior
petter_naess|Petter Naess
arthur_allan_seidelman|Arthur Allan Seidelman
phillip_j_bartell|Phillip J. Bartell
marlon_brando|Marlon Brando
bernard_rapp|Bernard Rapp
robert_flaherty|Robert J. Flaherty
david_ogden_stiers|David Ogden Stiers
christopher_guest|Christopher Guest
steve_carver|Steve Carver
zak_penn|Zak Penn
peter_hastings|Peter Hastings
duncan_tucker|Duncan Tucker
david_m_evans|David M. Evans
peter_greenaway|Peter Greenaway
kirk_wong|Kirk Wong
michael_mongillo|Michael Mongillo
karwai-wong|Kar Wai Wong
1192394-mabrouk_el_mechri|Mabrouk El Mechri
theresa_connelly|Theresa Connelly
antonia_bird|Antonia Bird
pontus_lowenhielm|Pontus Löwenhielm
ben_bolt|Ben Bolt
george_huang|George Huang
roger_allers|Roger Allers
tony_goldwyn|Tony Goldwyn
david-salle|David Salle
jonas-akerlund|Jonas Åkerlund
hans_canosa|Hans Canosa
george_stevens|George Stevens
hamilton_luske|Hamilton Luske
preston_sturges|Preston Sturges
prachya_pinkaew|Prachya Pinkaew
jonathan_r_betuel|Jonathan R. Betuel
alan_mehrez|Alan Mehrez
sanjay-gadhavi|Sanjay Gadhvi
bill_kroyer|Bill Kroyer
wil_shriner|Wil Shriner
james_komack|James Komack
1042742-alan_parker|Alan Parker
roger_spottiswoode|Roger Spottiswoode
george_casey|George Casey
jed_mortenson|Jed Mortenson
emile_ardolino|Emile Ardolino
evan-dunsky|Evan Dunsky
jon_jost|Jon Jost
sarah_polley|Sarah Polley
1015315-don_taylor|Don Taylor
george_dunning|George Dunning
jeff_franklin|Jeff Franklin
arthur_lubin|Arthur Lubin
1181996-gary_hustwit|Gary Hustwit
robert_ellis_miller|Robert Ellis Miller
marc_abraham|Marc Abraham
roberto_benabib|Roberto Benabib
henry_barrial|Henry Barrial
emanuele_crialese|Emanuele Crialese
boris-damast|Boris Damast
byron_haskin|Byron Haskin
silvio_narizzano|Silvio Narizzano
edward_cline|Edward F. Cline
alfonso_arau|Alfonso Arau
rachid_bouchareb|Rachid Bouchareb
martin_kitrosser|Martin Kitrosser
emeric_pressburger|Emeric Pressburger
rob_hedden|Rob Hedden
cecilia_miniucchi|Cecilia Miniucchi
paul_weiland|Paul Weiland
rowdy_herrington|Rowdy Herrington
vincent_paronnaud|Vincent Paronnaud
kenneth_a_carlson|Kenneth A. Carlson
_0752922|Eldar Ryazanov
norman_rene|Norman René
jiarui_zhang|Jiarui Zhang
john_korty|John Korty
gene_saks|Gene Saks
marc_forster|Marc Forster
peter_kosminsky|Peter Kosminsky
francis_ford_coppola|Francis Ford Coppola
tony_scott|Tony Scott
fred_f_sears|Fred F. Sears
rob_pritts|Rob Pritts
francis_veber|Francis Veber
richard_roxburgh|Richard Roxburgh
bernardo_bertolucci|Bernardo Bertolucci
daniel_sackheim|Daniel Sackheim
busi_cortes|Busi Cortés
masaki_kobayashi|Masaki Kobayashi
mitchell_leisen|Mitchell Leisen
kazuki_akane|Kazuki Akane
1015742-michael_tucker|Michael Tucker (I)
jerrold_freedman|Jerrold Freedman
andy_wolk|Andy Wolk
stanislaw_bareja|Stanislaw Bareja
norman_tokar|Norman Tokar
barry_sullivan|Barry Sullivan
charlie_s_chaplin|Charlie S. Chaplin
hans_zimmer|Hans Zimmer
amos_gitai|Amos Gitai
alexander_aja|Alexander Aja
kenneth_branagh|Kenneth Branagh
jonas_cornell|Jonas Cornell
pj_castellaneta|P.J. Castellaneta
albert_band|Albert Band
alexander_payne|Alexander Payne
jacob_kornbluth|Jacob Kornbluth
judd_apatow|Judd Apatow
bonnie_hill|Bonnie Hill
ti_west|Ti West
jon_shear|Jon Shear
tim_mccanlies|Tim McCanlies
gianni_amelio|Gianni Amelio
irvin_kershner|Irvin Kershner
matthew_harrison|Matthew Harrison
cy_endfield|Cy Endfield
_0873385|Massimo Troisi
daniel_g_karslake|Daniel G. Karslake
michael_austin|Michael Austin
eugene_corr|Eugene Corr
robert_bresson|Robert Bresson
stanley_tucci|Stanley Tucci
jafar_panahi|Jafar Panahi
hyungrae_shim|Hyung-rae Shim
william_lustig|William Lustig
greg_coolidge|Greg Coolidge
jacques_doillon|Jacques Doillon
geoffrey_sax|Geoffrey Sax
william-mesa|William Mesa
laurence_dunmore|Laurence Dunmore
mike_mendez|Mike Mendez
c_thomas_howell|C. Thomas Howell
chris_robinson_iv|Chris Robinson (IV)
euzhan_palcy|Euzhan Palcy
eric-meza|Eric Meza
neil_burger|Neil Burger
esteban-sapir|Esteban Sapir
susan_seidelman|Susan Seidelman
michael_oherlihy|Michael O'Herlihy
ida_lupino|Ida Lupino
christopher-browne|Christopher Browne
mark_pellington|Mark Pellington
marilyn-agrelo|Marilyn Agrelo
douglas_mcgrath|Douglas McGrath
christopher_nolan|Christopher Nolan
1167238-rian_johnson|Rian Johnson
richard_berge|Richard Berge
andres_wood|Andres Wood
clive_barker|Clive Barker
bo_widerberg|Bo Widerberg
karel_reisz|Karel Reisz
curtis_harrington|Curtis Harrington
joyce_bunuel|Joyce Buñuel
diane_kurys|Diane Kurys
rafal_zielinski|Rafal Zielinski
billy-kent|Billy Kent
cm-talkington|C.M. Talkington
lambert_hillyer|Lambert Hillyer
ralph_thomas|Ralph Thomas
ericson-core|Ericson Core
kinka_usher|Kinka Usher
brian_desmond_hurst|Brian Desmond Hurst
glen_a_larson|Glen A. Larson
billy_ray|Billy Ray
steven_lisberger|Steven Lisberger
eugene_lourie|Eugène Lourié
abbe_wool|Abbe Wool
boris_sagal|Boris Sagal
wojciech_wojcik|Wojciech Wojcik
mary_lambert|Mary Lambert
lou_adler|Lou Adler
marek_kanievska|Marek Kanievska
goran_paskaljevic|Goran Paskaljevic
terry_jones|Terry Jones
john_rich|John Rich
fred_c_newmeyer|Fred C. Newmeyer
peter_masterson|Peter Masterson
robert_rodriguez|Robert Rodriguez
jennifer_warren|Jennifer Warren
werner_herzog|Werner Herzog
robert_c_cooper|Robert C. Cooper
charles_shyer|Charles Shyer
neal_israel|Neal Israel
chris_ver_wiel|Chris Ver Wiel
malcolm_mowbray|Malcolm Mowbray
aleksandr_rogozhkin|Aleksandr Rogozhkin
gabriel_baur|Gabriel Baur
jim_jarmusch|Jim Jarmusch
stephen_woolley|Stephen Woolley
phillip_noyce|Phillip Noyce
laurice_guillen|Laurice Guillen
joel_shumacher|Joel Shumacher
udayan_prasad|Udayan Prasad
delmer_daves|Delmer Daves
alejandro_jodorowsky|Alejandro Jodorowsky
eric_small|Eric Small
noel_black|Noel Black
1022918-andrew_davis|Andrew Davis
steve_oedekerk|Steve Oedekerk
ian_iqbal_rashid|Ian Iqbal Rashid
carlos_reygadas|Carlos Reygadas
jonathan-prince|Jonathan Prince
craig_lahiff|Craig Lahiff
jeff_fisher|Jeff Fisher
barbara_streisand|Barbara Streisand
stephen_c_apostolof|Stephen C. Apostolof
amy_holden_jones|Amy Holden Jones
robert_j_rosenthal|Robert J. Rosenthal
peter_yates|Peter Yates
eric_brevig|Eric Brevig
anatole_litvak|Anatole Litvak
gary_winick|Gary Winick
ja_howe|J.A. Howe
1028855-david_butler|David Butler (I)
hype_williams|Hype Williams
tom_schulman|Tom Schulman
fw_murnau|F.W. Murnau
cheryl_dunye|Cheryl Dunye
franco_brusati|Franco Brusati
charles_b_pierce|Charles B. Pierce
pan_nalin|Pan Nalin
andy_wilson_iv|Andy Wilson (IV)
cb-harding|C.B. Harding
michael_lindsayhogg|Michael Lindsay-Hogg
mark_dornford_may|Mark Dornford-May
gavin-grazer|Gavin Grazer
bryan_singer|Bryan Singer
david_lane|David Lane
hiroyuki_morita|Hiroyuki Morita
guy_hamilton|Guy Hamilton
elio-petri|Elio Petri
bruno_romy|Bruno Romy
william_porter|William Porter
alex_haworth|Alex Haworth
andras-solyom|Andras Solyom
frances_reid|Frances Reid
1122723-nicolas_klotz|Nicolas Klotz
pixote-hunt|Pixote Hunt
1174987-andrew_currie|Andrew Currie
e_elias_merhige|E. Elias Merhige
mark_jones|Mark Jones
ruggero_deodato|Ruggero Deodato
364641898|Kay Pollak
manuel_huerga|Manuel Huerga
diane_english|Diane English
charles_trowbridge|Charles Trowbridge
jaidev_chakravorty|Jaidev Chakravorty
paolo_taviani|Paolo Taviani
greg-marcks|Greg Marcks
carl_reiner|Carl Reiner
robert_wise|Robert Wise
david_macdonald|David MacDonald
christophe_gans|Christophe Gans
edo-bertoglio|Edo Bertoglio
ross-kauffman|Ross Kauffman
darren_aronofsky|Darren Aronofsky
bruce_paltrow|Bruce Paltrow
michel_blanc|Michel Blanc
vernon_zimmerman|Vernon Zimmerman
jeff_garlin|Jeff Garlin
stephen_gyllenhaal|Stephen Gyllenhaal
_0783299|Peter Sellars
jj_abrams|J.J. Abrams
mina_shum|Mina Shum
_0478286|John L'Ecuyer
ching_siutung|Siu-Tung Ching
joe_charbanic|Joe Charbanic
jts_moore|J.T.S. Moore
sally_potter|Sally Potter
1050292-david_butler|David Butler
steven_e_de_souza|Steven E. de Souza
charles_t_kanganis|Charles T. Kanganis
jesse_vaughan|Jesse Vaughan
jim_sheridan|Jim Sheridan
bob_fosse|Bob Fosse
1080722-richard_martin|Richard Martin
anna_maria_tato|Anna Maria Tato
frank_beyer|Frank Beyer
craig_lucas|Craig Lucas
stephen_herek|Stephen Herek
daniel-petrie-jr|Daniel Petrie Jr
_0401680|H. Bruce Humberstone
lee_david_zlotoff|Lee David Zlotoff
kenneth_lonergan|Kenneth Lonergan
_0915400|Michael Waxman
irving_pichel|Irving Pichel
michael_mayer|Michael Mayer
antonio-serrano|Antonio Serrano
don_weis|Don Weis
_2188866|Harvey Glazer
charles_barton|Charles Barton
bill_murray|Bill Murray
giddi_dar|Giddi Dar
paul_brickman|Paul Brickman
gyula_gazdag|Gyula Gazdag
yakov_protazanov|Yakov Protazanov
robert_tinnell|Robert Tinnell
ken_kwapis|Ken Kwapis
meghna-gulzar|Meghna Gulzar
barbet_schroeder|Barbet Schroeder
bill_froehlich|Bill Froehlich
guy_maddin|Guy Maddin
colin_strause|Colin Strause
asif_kapadia|Asif Kapadia
james_william_guercio|James William Guercio
thomas_dekker|Thomas Dekker
ben_sharpsteen|Ben Sharpsteen
sergio_corbucci|Sergio Corbucci
aaron_seltzer|Aaron Seltzer
1178596-jieho_lee|Jieho Lee
daniel_attias|Daniel Attias
fred_savage|Fred Savage
allan_arkush|Allan Arkush
beeban_kidron|Beeban Kidron
kevin_james_dobson|Kevin James Dobson
andrew_sipes|Andrew Sipes
peter_george|Peter George
joe_carnahan|Joe Carnahan
jon_poll|Jon Poll
christine_lahti|Christine Lahti
howard_brookner|Howard Brookner
1195077-kevin_elders|Kevin Elders
greg_harrison|Greg Harrison
ramin_serry|Ramin Serry
david_jacobson|David Jacobson
andy_garcia|Andy Garcia
ryan_murphy|Ryan Murphy
jarrett_schaeffer|Jarrett Schaeffer
joel_oliansky|Joel Oliansky
robert_florey|Robert Florey
francois_ozon|François Ozon
tony_richardson|Tony Richardson
eric_bross|Eric Bross
anthony_perkins|Anthony Perkins
ira_sachs|Ira Sachs
gregory_widen|Gregory Widen
william_dieterle|William Dieterle
william_castle|William Castle
william_crain|William Crain
adrienne_shelly|Adrienne Shelly
gary-goddard|Gary Goddard
lesli_linka_glatter|Lesli Linka Glatter
david-hackl|David Hackl
_0684509|Claude Pinoteau
larry_charles|Larry Charles
zach_braff|Zach Braff
david_carson|David Carson
1178907-laurent_tirard|Laurent Tirard
wes_anderson|Wes Anderson
franco_zeffirelli|Franco Zeffirelli
david_zucker|David Zucker
nimrd-antal|Nimród Antal
chris_eyre|Chris Eyre
sara_sugarman|Sara Sugarman
troy_miller|Troy Miller
leos_carax|Leos Carax
agust_guomundsson|Agust Guomundsson
1031663-tim_johnson|Tim Johnson
john_sayles|John Sayles
roy_boulting|Roy Boulting
rainer_werner_fassbinder|Rainer Werner Fassbinder
joel_ben_marsden|Joel Ben Marsden
nadia-tass|Nadia Tass
ziad_doueiri|Ziad Doueiri
moises_kaufman|Moises Kaufman
marc_rocco|Marc Rocco
yin_li|Yin Li
greg_pak|Greg Pak
david_bowers|David Bowers
rich_christiano|Rich Christiano
stuart_gordon|Stuart Gordon
theodore_thomas|Theodore Thomas
thornton_freeland|Thornton Freeland
andrey_kravchuk|Andrey Kravchuk
_0122428|Robert Meyer Burnett
jennifer_jason_leigh|Jennifer Jason Leigh
selwyn-roberts|Selwyn Roberts
donald-cammell|Donald Cammell
bill_eagles|Bill Eagles
justin_chadwick|Justin Chadwick
joseph_sargent|Joseph Sargent
greg_mclean|Greg McLean
armando_crispino|Armando Crispino
jayne-loader|Jayne Loader
donald_petrie|Donald Petrie
adam_del_deo|Adam Del Deo
wesley_strick|Wesley Strick
masami-hata|Masami Hata
tricia_regan|Tricia Regan
nick_hamm|Nick Hamm
don_chaffey|Don Chaffey
karin-julsrud|Karin Julsrud
alvin_rakoff|Alvin Rakoff
andrew_bergman|Andrew Bergman
1104069-john_roberts|John Roberts
james_d_stern|James D. Stern
anthony_arkin|Anthony Arkin
jonathan_demme|Jonathan Demme
albert_maysles|Albert Maysles
martin_scorsese|Martin Scorsese
bill-fishman|Bill Fishman
robert_ben_garant|Robert Ben Garant
sturla_gunnarsson|Sturla Gunnarsson
george_mendeluk|George Mendeluk
rod_lurie|Rod Lurie
todd_holland_ii|Todd Holland (II)
frank_borzage|Frank Borzage
gavin_oconnor|Gavin O'Connor
kim_ki_duk|Ki-duk Kim
larry_peerce|Larry Peerce
director-ridley-scott|Director Ridley Scott
1010653-david_miller|David Miller
yukihiko_tsutsumi|Yukihiko Tsutsumi
michael_k_harris|Michael K. Harris
andrew_jarecki|Andrew Jarecki
paul_anderson|Paul W.S. Anderson
peter_webber|Peter Webber
kaj_munk|Kaj Munk
herk_harvey|Herk Harvey
william_shatner|William Shatner
dan_aykroyd|Dan Aykroyd
mike_binder|Mike Binder
spike_lee|Spike Lee
_0337529|Kjell Grede
chris_columbus|Chris Columbus
paul_flaherty|Paul Flaherty
barry_levinson|Barry Levinson
malcolm_leo|Malcolm Leo
_0005401|Rick Schroder
rupert_murray|Rupert Murray
ricky_tognazzi|Ricky Tognazzi
michael_polish|Michael Polish
michael_blakemore|Michael Blakemore
john_m_stahl|John M. Stahl
otto_preminger|Otto Preminger
raoul_walsh|Raoul Walsh
george_w_george|George W. George
mark_milgard|Mark Milgard
nicholas_winding_refn|Nicolas Winding Refn
1167865-jonathan_dayton|Jonathan Dayton
peggy_holmes|Peggy Holmes
mark_mylod|Mark Mylod
roko_belic|Roko Belic
doug_lefler|Doug Lefler
just_jaeckin|Just Jaeckin
mark_griffiths|Mark Griffiths
ishai-setton|Ishai Setton
billy_burke|Billy Burke
cory_edwards|Cory Edwards
diarmuid_lawrence|Diarmuid Lawrence
1059518-alexander_hall|Alexander Hall
philip_jackson|Philip Jackson
patrice_leconte|Patrice Leconte
jorge_fons|Jorge Fons
vic_armstrong_ii|Vic Armstrong (II)
joel_hershman|Joel Hershman
1029950-michael_davis|Michael Davis
jacques_demy|Jacques Demy
_0880521|Liv Ullmann
_0576913|Michael Meinhardt
quentin_lawrence|Quentin Lawrence
_0941811|Sönke Wortmann
terence_fisher|Terence Fisher
melvin_frank|Melvin Frank
1047424-john_walsh|John Walsh
_0831321|Chris Stokes
1041173-richard_day|Richard Day
tim_fywell|Tim Fywell
elmar-klos|Elmar Klos
1128833-marc_lawrence|Marc Lawrence
william_tannen|William Tannen
wojciech_has|Wojciech Has
rob_zombie|Rob Zombie
bud_friedgen|Bud Friedgen
godfrey_reggio|Godfrey Reggio
louis_morneau|Louis Morneau
1121836-mike_mills|Mike Mills
amos_kollek|Amos Kollek
michael_akers|Michael Akers
daniel_pyne|Daniel Pyne
othmar_schmiderer|Othmar Schmiderer
michael_vejar|Michael Vejar
1001975-richard_brooks|Richard Brooks
pieter_jan_brugge|Pieter Jan Brugge
iciar_bollain|Iciar Bollain
rick-rosenthal|Rick Rosenthal
ulli_lommel|Ulli Lommel
leslie_arliss|Leslie Arliss
clark_gregg|Clark Gregg
howard_r_cohen|Howard R. Cohen
efram_potelle|Efram Potelle
francois_truffaut|François Truffaut
kris_isacsson|Kris Isacsson
apichart-potipirojn|Apichart Potipirojn
lance_mungia|Lance Mungia
bernt-amadeus-capra|Bernt Amadeus Capra
marisa_silver|Marisa Silver
_0445844|Bob Kellett
james_l_conway|James L. Conway
charles_lamont|Charles Lamont
phil_morrison|Phil Morrison
paul_feig|Paul Feig
1006013-keith_gordon|Keith Gordon
aaron_matthews|Aaron Matthews
daniele_luchetti|Daniele Luchetti
jim_drake|Jim Drake
jessie_nelson|Jessie Nelson
chantal_akerman|Chantal Akerman
john_cleese|John Cleese
paul_leni|Paul Leni
brad_bird|Brad Bird
_0668227|Clark L. Paylow
gary_burns|Gary Burns
mikael_hafstrom|Mikael Håfstrom
dean_parisot|Dean Parisot
james_a_contner|James A. Contner
john_sturges|John Sturges
michael_dinner|Michael Dinner
bill_melendez|Bill Melendez
richard_thorpe|Richard Thorpe
robert_stevenson|Robert Stevenson
mat-whitecross|Mat Whitecross
silvio_soldini|Silvio Soldini
jay_chandrasekhar|Jay Chandrasekhar
peter_fonda|Peter Fonda
myles_connell|Myles Connell
tony_vitale|Tony Vitale
hector_babenco|Hector Babenco
daniel_mann|Daniel Mann
robert_epstein|Robert Epstein
rob_schmidt|Rob Schmidt
marcos-siega|Marcos Siega
lajos_koltai|Lajos Koltai
_0158984|Sylvain Chomet
rob_hardy|Rob Hardy
gore_verbinski|Gore Verbinski
timothy_hutton|Timothy Hutton
marco_schnabel|Marco Schnabel
george_roy_hill|George Roy Hill
_1747652|People of Iraq
_0649096|Marcel Ophüls
john-swanbeck|John Swanbeck
neil_turitz|Neil Turitz
david_c_thomas|David C. Thomas
dwayne_carey_hill|Dwayne Carey-Hill
bob_rafelson|Bob Rafelson
joe-alves|Joe Alves
hans_peter_moland|Hans Petter Moland
james_w_horne|James W. Horne
william_greaves|William Greaves
rudy_de_luca|Rudy De Luca
1187686-michel_hazanavicius|Michel Hazanavicius
sean_mcnamara|Sean McNamara
sung_su_kim|Sung-su Kim
steve_trenbirth|Steve Trenbirth
lasse_aberg|Lasse Åberg
lee_stanley|Lee Stanley
jay_sandrich|Jay Sandrich
stephen_fry|Stephen Fry
shinya_tsukamoto|Shinya Tsukamoto
daniel_davis_edward_d_wood_jr|Daniel Davis [Edward D. Wood Jr.]
bradley-beesley|Bradley Beesley
liz-friedlander|Liz Friedlander
tad_stones|Tad Stones
edward_norton|Edward Norton
martyn_burke|Martyn Burke
erik_canuel|Erik Canuel
damian_skinner|Damian Skinner
yim_ho|Ho Yim
madonna|Madonna
toshiya_fujita|Toshiya Fujita
justin_theroux|Justin Theroux
george_butler|George Butler
mark_cross|Mark Cross
michael_traeger|Michael Traeger
mick_jackson|Mick Jackson
brett-winn|Brett Winn
clark_johnson|Clark Johnson
florian_henckeldonnersmarck|Florian Henckel-Donnersmarck
boris_petroff|Boris Petroff
walter_murch|Walter Murch
thom_fitzgerald|Thom Fitzgerald
steven_hilliard_stern|Steven Hilliard Stern
wallace_wolodarsky|Wallace Wolodarsky
dan_harris|Dan Harris
zoe_clarkewilliams|Zoe Clarke-Williams
johnny_to|Johnny To
khalo_matabane|Khalo Matabane
jeannot_szwarc|Jeannot Szwarc
fernando_perez|Fernando Pérez
oliver_parker|Oliver Parker
jim_kouf|Jim Kouf
_0394114|Ben Hopkins
victor_erice|Victor Erice
stephanie-black|Stephanie Black
john_murlowski|John Murlowski
rob_sitch|Rob Sitch
marco_ferreri|Marco Ferreri
alison_eastwood|Alison Eastwood
1150240-wayne_kramer|Wayne Kramer
timothy_linh_bui|Timothy Linh Bui
edward-cline|Edward Cline
1122335-charles_kaufman|Charles Kaufman
jerry_lamothe|Jerry LaMothe
lew_landers|Lew Landers
charles_dennis|Charles Dennis
1000993-bruce_barry|Bruce Barry
gerard_mordillat|Gerard Mordillat
james-yukich|James Yukich
paul_abascal|Paul Abascal
john_musker|John Musker
charles_haid|Charles Haid
paul_newman|Paul Newman
bruce_bilson|Bruce Bilson
kaige_chen|Kaige Chen
demian_lichtenstein|Demian Lichtenstein
eric-karson|Eric Karson
elem_klimov|Elem Klimov
steve_miner|Steve Miner
gene_quintano|Gene Quintano
roman_polanski|Roman Polanski
olivier_ducastel|Olivier Ducastel
william-ryan|William Ryan
rene_clair|René Clair
marc_singer_ii|Marc Singer (II)
mark_sandrich|Mark Sandrich
cyril_collard|Cyril Collard
sidney_gilliat|Sidney Gilliat
al_pacino|Al Pacino
jake_paltrow|Jake Paltrow
j_s_cardone|J.S. Cardone
lucas_belvaux|Lucas Belvaux
john_mctiernan|John McTiernan
mark_steven_johnson|Mark Steven Johnson
jeanpierre_dardenne|Jean-Pierre Dardenne
roy_andersson|Roy Andersson
chris_delaporte|Chris Delaporte
manoel_deoliveira|Manoel de Oliveira
jim_henson|Jim Henson
myles-berkowitz|Myles Berkowitz
bill_duke|Bill Duke
1041809-james_hill|James Hill
_1154192|Joe Maggio
1030366-kevin_smith|Kevin Smith
heidi_ewing|Heidi Ewing
andrew_scheinman|Andrew Scheinman
wei_lo|Wei Lo
gillian_grisman|Gillian Grisman
trish-doolan|Trish  Doolan
tim_burton|Tim Burton
howard_storm|Howard Storm
greg_mottola|Greg Mottola
tony_aboyantz|Tony Aboyantz
_0743962|Nello Rossati
nigel-cole|Nigel Cole
alfredo_de_villa|Alfredo De Villa
kristian_levring|Kristian Levring
albert_parker|Albert Parker
joe-damato|Joe D'Amato
tyler_perry|Tyler Perry
kevin_macdonald|Kevin Macdonald
richard_tuggle|Richard Tuggle
bob_gale|Bob Gale
henry_selick|Henry Selick
justin_kerrigan|Justin Kerrigan
julio_medem|Julio Medem
darryn_welch|Darryn Welch
max-ophuls|Max Ophüls
adam_marcus|Adam Marcus
kari_skogland|Kari Skogland
marc-schoelermann|Marc Schoelermann
russ_meyer|Russ Meyer
matthew_broderick|Matthew Broderick
sean-fine|Sean Fine
breck_eisner|Breck Eisner
wolfgang_reitherman|Wolfgang Reitherman
michael_chapman|Michael Chapman
dave_fleischer|Dave Fleischer
john_suits|John Suits
graeme_ferguson|Graeme Ferguson
tom_ropelewski|Tom Ropelewski
ernest_r_dickerson|Ernest R. Dickerson
matteo_garrone|Matteo Garrone
robert_harling|Robert Harling
harry_bromley_davenport|Harry Bromley Davenport
ari_libsker|Ari Libsker
dj_chen|D.J. Chen
jon_sherman_ii|Jon Sherman (II)
james_cameron|James Cameron
kelli_herd|Kelli Herd
carl_gottlieb|Carl Gottlieb
paul_donovan|Paul Donovan
bruce_sinofsky|Bruce Sinofsky
jeff_daniels|Jeff Daniels
juha_wuolijoki|Juha Wuolijoki
david_maquiling|David Maquiling
rebecca_miller|Rebecca Miller
han_min_kim|Han Min Kim
thomas_jahn|Thomas Jahn
stijn-coninx|Stijn Coninx
philip_kaufman|Philip Kaufman
richard_friedman|Richard Friedman
a_dean_bell|A. Dean Bell
1041635-john_gray|John Gray
william_karel|William Karel
david_s_ward|David S. Ward
robert_redford|Robert Redford
isao_takahata|Isao Takahata
ye_lou|Ye Lou
darren_stein|Darren Stein
gerard_corbiau|Gérard Corbiau
paul_quinn|Paul Quinn
christopher_monger|Christopher Monger
andy_cadiff|Andy Cadiff
jackie_chan|Jackie Chan
luke_greenfield|Luke Greenfield
albert_magnoli|Albert Magnoli
atsuko_fukushima|Atsuko Fukushima
1053132-john_ottman|John Ottman
ash|Ash
pradeep-sarkar|Pradeep Sarkar
steve-box|Steve Box
_0643247|Matthias X. Oberg
pascale_ferran|Pascale Ferran
1041041-larry_cohen|Larry Cohen
john_crowley|John Crowley
joseph_cedar|Joseph Cedar
1194481-chris_miller|Chris Miller
steve_barron|Steve Barron
takeshi_kitano|Takeshi Kitano
_0190859|Alfonso Cuarón
charles_ferguson|Charles Ferguson
jason_bloom|Jason Bloom
santosh_sivan|Santosh Sivan
john_ford_henry_hathaway|John Ford Henry Hathaway
lawrence_guterman|Lawrence Guterman
george_p_cosmatos|George P. Cosmatos
paul_schrader|Paul Schrader
caroline_link|Caroline Link
leonard_nimoy|Leonard Nimoy
walter_ruttmann|Walter Ruttmann
norman_jewison|Norman Jewison
boaz_davidson|Boaz Davidson
barnet_kellman|Barnet Kellman
770910609|Elizabeth Allen (II)
laurence_malkin|Laurence Malkin
peter_collinson|Peter Collinson
blythe_danner|Blythe Danner
david_caesar|David Caesar
1040928-john_carpenter|John Carpenter
ping_he|Ping He
liam_lynch|Liam Lynch
jun_ichikawa|Jun Ichikawa
angela-pope|Angela Pope
michael_goldenberg|Michael Goldenberg
david_jones_ii|David Jones (II)
grant-harvey|Grant Harvey
albert_pyun|Albert Pyun
alfred_hitchcock|Alfred Hitchcock
brian-trenchard-smith|Brian Trenchard Smith
tsai-mingliang|Ming-liang Tsai
john_duigan|John Duigan
james_clavell|James Clavell
1006266-paul_gross|Paul Gross
_0073322|Alain Berbérian
tony_bill|Tony Bill
warren_beatty|Warren Beatty
_0567979|Rodney McDonald
jean_jacques_annud|Jean-Jacques Annud
rubi_zack|Rubi Zack
darnell_martin|Darnell Martin
david_winning|David Winning
andrea_meyerson|Andrea Meyerson
tony_bancroft|Tony Bancroft
mick_garris|Mick Garris
_0779265|Jake Scott
chris_marker|Chris Marker
jack_smight|Jack Smight
norman_z_mcleod|Norman Z. McLeod
craig_chester|Craig Chester
kenta_fukasaku|Kenta Fukasaku
duwayne_dunham|Duwayne Dunham
jack_sholder|Jack Sholder
christopher_livingston|Christopher Livingston
darlanne_fluegel|Darlanne Fluegel
federico_fellini|Federico Fellini
glen_morgan|Glen Morgan
marcus_nispel|Marcus Nispel
charles_s_dutton|Charles S. Dutton
edwin_sherin|Edwin Sherin
kei-kumai|Kei Kumai
richard_curtis|Richard Curtis
don_paul|Don Paul
moonsang_kim|Moon-Sang Kim
tim_kirkman|Tim Kirkman
emilio_martinez_lazaro|Emilio Martínez Lázaro
john_huston|John Huston
pupi_avati|Pupi Avati
danny_devito|Danny DeVito
michael_covert|Michael Covert
don_mckellar|Don McKellar
victor_mignatti|Victor Mignatti
bernard_mceveety_ii|Bernard McEveety (II)
chinyen_yee|Chin-yen Yee
zhang_yimou|Yimou Zhang
1045365-mark_rappaport|Mark Rappaport
sean_penn|Sean Penn
tim_burstall|Tim Burstall
robert_longo|Robert Longo
terry_kinney|Terry Kinney
rupert_wainwright|Rupert Wainwright
bigas_luna|Bigas Luna
radu_mihaileanu|Radu Mihaileanu
rob_cohen|Rob Cohen
_0488108|Brian Large
doris_doerrie|Doris Dörrie
dan_hoskins|Dan Hoskins
wiebke_von_carolsfeld|Wiebke von Carolsfeld
sheldon_lettich|Sheldon Lettich
thomas_carter_ii|Thomas Carter (II)
alex_de_la_iglesia|Alex de la Iglesia
penny_marshall|Penny Marshall
john_byrum|John Byrum
courtney_solomon|Courtney Solomon
eric_weston|Eric Weston
richard_schenkman|Richard Schenkman
richard_kwietniowski|Richard Kwietniowski
tom_kalin|Tom Kalin
heiner_carow|Heiner Carow
sam-dunn|Sam Dunn
christopher-larkin|Christopher Larkin
moustapha_akkad|Moustapha Akkad
jacques_tourneur|Jacques Tourneur
1049943-peter_howitt|Peter Howitt
bob_saget|Bob Saget
jane_campion|Jane Campion
jon_reiss|Jon Reiss
pietro_germi|Pietro Germi
jeff_nathanson|Jeff Nathanson
_0198790|Gerard Damiano
oxide_pang_chun|Oxide Pang Chun
david_green|David Green
michel_negroponte|Michel Negroponte
bahman_ghobadi|Bahman Ghobadi
william_brent_bell|William Brent Bell
hirokazu-koreeda|Hirokazu Koreeda
lee_frost|Lee Frost
jonathan_kesselman|Jonathan Kesselman
matt-busch|Matt Busch
katsuyuki_motohiro|Katsuyuki Motohiro
josef_rusnak|Josef Rusnak
jerry_jameson|Jerry Jameson
dusan_makavejev|Dusan Makavejev
damiano_damiani|Damiano Damiani
_0738001|Carlo Rola
1196732-andrew_robinson|Andrew Robinson
john_carl_buechler|John Carl Buechler
william-a-fraker|William A. Fraker
eitan_gorlin|Eitan Gorlin
brian_helgeland|Brian Helgeland
milos_forman|Milos Forman
_0411030|Teruo Ishii
bruce_kimmel|Bruce Kimmel
brad_anderson|Brad Anderson
hiroyuki_nakano|Hiroyuki Nakano
menno_meyjes|Menno Meyjes
scott_wiper|Scott Wiper
tom_rice|Tom Rice
peter_glenville|Peter Glenville
john_fawcett|John Fawcett
jay_duplass|Jay Duplass
peter_manoogian|Peter Manoogian
mickey_liddell|Mickey Liddell
shane_black|Shane Black
tommy_chong|Tommy Chong
barry_shils|Barry Shils
ram_sathya|Ram Sathya
tom_dey|Tom Dey
1041374-james_fargo|James Fargo
_0464846|Andrey Konchalovskiy
_0619944|Isamu Nakae
mark_achbar|Mark Achbar
lieven_debrauwer|Lieven Debrauwer
tae-gyun-kim|Tae-gyun Kim
anya_camilleri|Anya Camilleri
sunu-gonera|Sunu Gonera
roberto_benigni|Roberto Benigni
_0720411|Dale Resteghini
carl_boese|Carl Boese
_1147200|Kevin Gorman
tsui_hark|Hark Tsui
heywood_gould|Heywood Gould
matthew_bright|Matthew Bright
george_clooney|George Clooney
john_pasquin|John Pasquin
harald_zwart|Harald Zwart
daniel_haller|Daniel Haller
jon_keeyes|Jon Keeyes
charles-brabin|Charles Brabin
howard_hall|Howard Hall
robert_benton|Robert Benton
gene_kelly|Gene Kelly
janet_greek|Janet Greek
katsuhiro_otomo|Katsuhiro Ôtomo
david_breashears|David Breashears
1050543-jeremy_thomas|Jeremy Thomas
gene_nelson|Gene Nelson
jesse_peretz|Jesse Peretz
susanna_styron|Susanna Styron
1064382-barnaby_thompson|Barnaby Thompson
joseph_h_lewis|Joseph H. Lewis
joel_schumacher|Joel Schumacher
shona_auerbach|Shona Auerbach
al_corley|Al Corley
tom_bezucha|Tom Bezucha
j_lee_thompson|J. Lee Thompson
clay_borris|Clay Borris
ralph_s_singleton|Ralph S. Singleton
michael_pressman|Michael Pressman
sidney_furie|Sidney Furie
alan_ball|Alan Ball
hiroshi_teshigahara|Hiroshi Teshigahara
jean_girault|Jean Girault
a_edward_sutherland|A. Edward Sutherland
dick_wolf|Dick Wolf
julian_schnabel|Julian Schnabel
1088175-martin_donovan|Martin Donovan
reverge_anselmo|Reverge Anselmo
nagamine-tatsuya|Nagamine Tatsuya
mark_joffe|Mark Joffe
nick_zano|Nick Zano
billy_bob_thornton|Billy Bob Thornton
jack_fletcher|Jack Fletcher
tod_browning|Tod Browning
tibor_takacs|Tibor Takács
amir_mann|Amir Mann
carl_franklin|Carl Franklin
daniel_petrie|Daniel Petrie
rolf-schubel|Rolf Schubel
phil_nibbelink|Phil Nibbelink
jean_cocteau|Jean Cocteau
craig_r_baxley|Craig R. Baxley
blair-hayes|Blair Hayes
john_ford|John Ford
whit_stillman|Whit Stillman
nathaniel_kahn|Nathaniel Kahn
john_r_cherry_iii|John R. Cherry III
jodie_foster|Jodie Foster
susan_muska|Susan Muska
eugenio_martin|Eugenio Martín
harry_elfont|Harry Elfont
chris_rock|Chris Rock
pablo-berger|Pablo Berger
francis_lawrence|Francis Lawrence
nahala_johnson|Nahala Johnson
laurent_firode|Laurent Firode
tobe_hooper|Tobe Hooper
todd_holland|Todd Holland
david_snedeker|David Snedeker
milton_moses_ginsberg|Milton Moses Ginsberg
david_seltzer|David Seltzer
steve_beck|Steve Beck
stan_dragoti|Stan Dragoti
benoit_jacquot|Benoît Jacquot
brian_henson|Brian Henson
shinichiro_watanabe|Shinichirô Watanabe
steven_jacobson|Steven Jacobson
_0131064|Art Camacho
1061981-bill_clinton|Bill Clinton
kristine_peterson|Kristine Peterson
michael_bay|Michael Bay
manuel_gomez_pereira|Manuel Gomez Pereira
ian_macnaughton|Ian MacNaughton
caroline_thompson|Caroline Thompson
stephen_carpenter|Stephen Carpenter
1180369-jens_lien|Jens Lien
robert_parrish|Robert Parrish
marina_de_van|Marina de Van
mikio_naruse|Mikio Naruse
charles_matthau|Charles Matthau
frank_marshall|Frank Marshall
daniel_burman|Daniel Burman
desmond_gumbs|Desmond Gumbs
matt_dillon|Matt Dillon
william_reilly|William Reilly
francois_girard|François Girard
stacy_peralta|Stacy Peralta
jane_anderson|Jane Anderson
claude_berri|Claude Berri
asia_argento|Asia Argento
michel-ocelot|Michel Ocelot
stuart_baird|Stuart Baird
_0821813|Monica Stambrini
zhang_yuan|Zhang Yuan
klaus_haro|Klaus Haro
_0000712|Steve Cohen
charles_grosvenor|Charles Grosvenor
wai-keung-lau|Wai-keung Lau
eric_weber|Eric Weber
1145736-neil_marshall|Neil Marshall
don_coscarelli|Don Coscarelli
emmakate_croghan|Emma-Kate Croghan
george_abbott|George Abbott
michael_patrick_king|Michael Patrick King
rodney_amateau|Rodney Amateau
lynne-littman|Lynne Littman
julianna_lavin|Julianna Lavin
david_mamet|David Mamet
ole_bornedal|Ole Bornedal
nils_tavernier|Nils Tavernier
mark_moskowitz|Mark Moskowitz
farah_khan|Farah Khan
hiroyuki_imaishi|Hiroyuki Imaishi
bernard_rose|Bernard Rose
jeremiah_chechik|Jeremiah Chechik
marion_vernoux|Marion Vernoux
1185187-joel_bergvall|Joel Bergvall
ermanno_olmi|Ermanno Olmi
1167705-chris_kennedy|Chris Kennedy
john_curran|John Curran
benito_zambrano|Benito Zambrano
felipe_lacerda|Felipe Lacerda
richard_friedenberg|Richard Friedenberg
vincent_gallo|Vincent Gallo
carl_schenkel|Carl Schenkel
barry_skolnick|Barry Skolnick
sam_firstenberg|Sam Firstenberg
1196862-nick_gomez|Nick Gomez
pravin_kanth|Pravin Kanth
marleen_gorris|Marleen Gorris
raja_amari|Raja Amari
jason_friedberg|Jason Friedberg
1105657-katja_von_garnier|Katja von Garnier
dan_lund|Dan Lund
jonathan_jakubowicz|Jonathan Jakubowicz
1167746-fernando_eimbcke|Fernando Eimbcke
george_a_romero|George A. Romero
john_de_bello|John De Bello
1025643-steve_white|Steve White
_0497934|Myung-se Lee
mika-kaurismaki|Mika Kaurismäki
dick_maas|Dick Maas
scott_galloway|Scott Galloway
nancy_meckler|Nancy Meckler
alex_smith|Alex Smith
john_rawlins|John Rawlins
art_clokey|Art Clokey
richard_wenk|Richard Wenk
eddie_griffin|Eddie Griffin
joel_m_reed|Joel M. Reed
_0719348|Pierre-Paul Renders
aj-schnack|AJ Schnack
jessy_terrero|Jessy Terrero
jacques_rivette|Jacques Rivette
christopher_warre_smets|Christopher Warre Smets
majid_majidi|Majid Majidi
alan_metter|Alan Metter
brian_koppelman|Brian Koppelman
edward_montagne|Edward Montagne
herschell_gordon_lewis|Herschell Gordon Lewis
gillo_pontecorvo|Gillo Pontecorvo
alex_olle|Álex Ollé
costagavras|Costa-Gavras
lars_von_trier|Lars von Trier
nicholas_meyer|Nicholas Meyer
chris_weitz|Chris Weitz
pierre_morel|Pierre Morel
guy_jenkin|Guy Jenkin
stephen_frears|Stephen Frears
jerry_zucker|Jerry Zucker
yoji_yamada|Yoji Yamada
_0838374|Tim Sullivan
larry_fessenden|Larry Fessenden
sarah_kelly|Sarah Kelly
mike_mitchell|Mike Mitchell
carol_frank|Carol Frank
hans_iveberg|Hans Iveberg
kelly_makin|Kelly Makin
erle_c_kenton|Erle C. Kenton
tony_kaye|Tony Kaye
clarence_brown|Clarence Brown
edet_belzberg|Edet Belzberg
ismail_merchant|Ismail Merchant
stephen_king|Stephen King
francis_d_lyon|Francis D. Lyon
steven_m_martin|Steven M. Martin
jaco_van_dormael|Jaco Van Dormael
craig_gillespie|Craig Gillespie
sharon_pollack|Sharon Pollack
mario_monicelli|Mario Monicelli
nick_broomfield|Nick Broomfield
scott_prendergast|Scott Prendergast
1208892-andreas_dresen|Andreas Dresen
abdul_malik_abbott|Abdul Malik Abbott
stephen_chow|Stephen Chow
nicole_holofcener|Nicole Holofcener
richard_c_sarafian|Richard C. Sarafian
meir_zarchi|Meir Zarchi
pitof|Pitof
scott_mcgehee|Scott McGehee
leslie_greif|Leslie Greif
kevin_donovan|Kevin Donovan
1184821-joshua_michael_stern|Joshua Michael Stern
howard_franklin|Howard Franklin
anne_fontaine|Anne Fontaine
harley_cokeliss|Harley Cokeliss
robert_townsend|Robert Townsend
marcelo_pineyro|Marcelo Piñeyro
eb-clucher|Enzo Barboni
james_l_brooks|James L. Brooks
joseph_losey|Joseph Losey
vadim_perelman|Vadim Perelman
rory-kelly|Rory Kelly
james_d_scurlock|James D. Scurlock
eric_bress|Eric Bress
stuart_marshall|Stuart Marshall
1051480-david_sutherland|David Sutherland
1001257-peter_berg|Peter Berg
claude_miller|Claude Miller
andy_richter|Andy Richter
jamie-babbit|Jamie Babbit
tom_vaughan|Tom Vaughan
tony_maylam|Tony Maylam
dan_ireland|Dan Ireland
cy_howard|Cy Howard
jean_xavier_de_lestrade|Jean-Xavier de Lestrade
joshua_seftel|Joshua Seftel
emir_kusturica|Emir Kusturica
irving_rapper|Irving Rapper
howard_deutch|Howard Deutch
nora_ephron|Nora Ephron
julian_doyle|Julian Doyle
john_patrick_shanley|John Patrick Shanley
irving_reis|Irving Reis
paris-barclay|Paris Barclay
bill_condon|Bill Condon
lucio_fulci|Lucio Fulci
1050341-john_davis|John Davis
leslie_goodwins|Leslie Goodwins
_0389514|David Hogan
daniel_taplitz|Daniel Taplitz
1055381-audrey_wells|Audrey Wells
tom_berry|Tom Berry
joseph_zito|Joseph Zito
jim_drake_ii|Jim Drake (II)
aaron-blaise|Aaron Blaise
jonathan_glazer|Jonathan Glazer
sangok_shin|Sang-ok Shin
kevin_bacon|Kevin Bacon
luc_jacquet|Luc Jacquet
filip_remunda|Filip Remunda
_0523310|Dick Lowry
1044270-john_harrison|John Harrison
conrad_vernon|Conrad Vernon
glenn_jordan|Glenn Jordan
christopher_scott_cherot|Christopher Scott Cherot
_0240439|Peter Duffell
john_sanford|John Sanford
joseph_b_vasquez|Joseph B. Vasquez
douglas_aarniokoski|Douglas Aarniokoski
robin_swicord|Robin Swicord
andrew_cosby|Andrew Cosby
eliseo_subiela|Eliseo Subiela
feng_xiaogang|Feng Xiaogang
ethan_coen|Ethan Coen
chris_wedge|Chris Wedge
jim_fall|Jim Fall
paddy_breathnach|Paddy Breathnach
sammohungkambo|Sammo Hung Kam-Bo
arthur_marks|Arthur Marks
uli_edel|Uli Edel
robert_f_hill|Robert F. Hill
michael_gottlieb|Michael Gottlieb
jay__chandrasekhar|Jay  Chandrasekhar
thomas__vinterberg|Thomas  Vinterberg
jonathan_liebesman|Jonathan Liebesman
robert_guenette|Robert Guenette
toni_kalem|Toni Kalem
john_erick_dowdle|John Erick Dowdle
richard_attenborough|Richard Attenborough
david_l_cunningham|David L. Cunningham
tim_mccann|Tim McCann
mark_kitchell|Mark Kitchell
david_semel|David Semel
marino_girolami|Marino Girolami
brian_w_cook|Brian W. Cook
10004245-mamoru_hosoda|Mamoru Hosoda
ji_woon_kim|Ji-woon Kim
fred_zinnemann|Fred Zinnemann
william_dear|William Dear
betty_thomas|Betty Thomas
patricia_cardoso|Patricia Cardoso
christian_duguay|Christian Duguay
aileen-ritchie|Aileen Ritchie
tim_hill_iii|Tim Hill (III)
1179492-zackary_adler|Zackary Adler
patricia_rozema|Patricia Rozema
barry_sonnenfeld|Barry Sonnenfeld
1185571-robert_cuffley|Robert Cuffley
clyde_bruckman|Clyde Bruckman
hermine_huntgeburth|Hermine Huntgeburth
bob_gosse|Bob Gosse
jeremy_joe_kronsberg|Jeremy Joe Kronsberg
paul_warner|Paul Warner
maggie_greenwald|Maggie Greenwald
bertrand_tavernier|Bertrand Tavernier
1028179-william_a_seiter|William A. Seiter
ronald_neame|Ronald Neame
sue_brooks|Sue Brooks
nick_goossen|Nick Goossen
craig_schlattman|Craig Schlattman
ventura_pons|Ventura Pons
bob_kelljan|Bob Kelljan
luis_bunuel|Luis Buñuel
lawrence-bassoff|Lawrence Bassoff
peter_hedges|Peter Hedges
jonathan_kaplan|Jonathan Kaplan
neil_armfield|Neil Armfield
ivan_reitman|Ivan Reitman
1047603-david_parker|David Parker
roger_donaldson|Roger Donaldson
sofia_coppola|Sofia Coppola
carroll_ballard|Carroll Ballard
valerie_breiman|Valerie Breiman
james_isaac|James Isaac
junhwan_jeong|Jun-hwan Jeong
1175527-andrea_arnold|Andrea Arnold
alejandro_agresti|Alejandro Agresti
ron_underwood|Ron Underwood
eric_chaikin|Eric Chaikin
marco-kreuzpaintner|Marco Kreuzpaintner
peter-faiman|Peter Faiman
julian_hernandez|Julian Hernandez
kihachi_okamoto|Kihachi Okamoto
phil_vischer|Phil Vischer
jon_jones|Jon Jones
erie_c_kenton|Erie C. Kenton
anthony_zerbe|Anthony Zerbe
sam_mendes|Sam Mendes
kevin_seymour|Kevin Seymour
kihyung_park|Ki-Hyung Park
_0060076|Kim Bass
matthew_vaughn|Matthew Vaughn
brian_keith|Brian Keith
hal_ashby|Hal Ashby
xu-jinglei|Xu Jinglei
andrew_adamson|Andrew Adamson
milton_katselas|Milton Katselas
hongjin_na|Hong-jin Na
fran_rubel_kuzui|Fran Rubel Kuzui
1187422-rupert_wyatt|Rupert Wyatt
reb_braddock|Reb Braddock
courtney_hunt|Courtney Hunt
richard_williams|Richard Williams
bernhard_wicki|Bernhard Wicki
david-sington|David Sington
kantz|Kantz
jerry_lewis|Jerry Lewis
antonioni|Michelangelo Antonioni
pj_pesce|P.J. Pesce
ryan_thomas|Ryan Thomas
diego_munoz|Diego Munoz
philip_boston|Philip Boston
frank_darabont|Frank Darabont
thom_eberhardt|Thom Eberhardt
edward_wood|Edward Wood
patrick_lussier|Patrick Lussier
bradley_rust_gray|Bradley Rust Gray
alain_cavalier|Alain Cavalier
john_singleton|John Singleton
george_sherman|George Sherman
karl_slovin|Karl Slovin
dwight_h_little|Dwight H. Little
nanette_burstein|Nanette Burstein
denzel_washington|Denzel Washington
frank_d_gilroy|Frank D. Gilroy
steve_buscemi|Steve Buscemi
david_schmoeller|David Schmoeller
dominik_mol|Dominik Mol
robert_m_young|Robert M. Young
daniela_thomas|Daniela Thomas
fabian_bielinsky|Fabián Bielinsky
henriette_mantel|Henriette Mantel
_0001949|Andrew Birkin
herb_gardner|Herb Gardner
_0602452|Andrew Morahan
chia-liang-liu|Chia-Liang Liu
florent_emilio_siri|Florent Emilio Siri
des_mcanuff|Des McAnuff
john_blair|John Blair
gilles_mimouni|Gilles Mimouni
bent_hamer|Bent Hamer
fred_durst|Fred Durst
dana_lustig|Dana Lustig
anand_patwardhan|Anand Patwardhan
mel_stuart|Mel Stuart
charles_vidor|Charles Vidor
jack_hill|Jack Hill
donald_tevey|Donald Tevey
anne_fletcher|Anne Fletcher
vincente_minnelli|Vincente Minnelli
arnaud_desplechin|Arnaud Desplechin
arthur_hilton|Arthur Hilton
matias-bize|Matias Bize
hugh_wilson|Hugh Wilson
thomas_schlamme|Thomas Schlamme
ellen_ten_damme|Ellen Ten Damme
mervyn_leroy|Mervyn LeRoy
196111261|Edward D. Wood Jr.
tom_peosay|Tom Peosay
kenny_ortega|Kenny Ortega
david_mcnally_ii|David McNally (II)
jennifer_baichwal|Jennifer Baichwal
arthur_borman|Arthur Borman
jaume_balaguero|Jaume Balagueró
10000961-jody_hill|Jody Hill
anjelicahuston|Anjelica Huston
terence_young|Terence Young
ford_beebe|Ford Beebe
_0176699|Jack Conway
bob_logan|Bob Logan
robert_pirosh|Robert Pirosh
john_a_davis|John A. Davis
stephen_kijak|Stephen Kijak
jeanfrancois_brunet|Jean-Francois Brunet
toby_shelton|Toby Shelton
joel_coen|Joel Coen
winston_hibler|Winston Hibler
bruce_labruce|Bruce Labruce
augusto_camintino|Augusto Caminito
john_keitel|John Keitel
cathy_malkasian|Cathy Malkasian
1028754-tom_kennedy|Tom Kennedy
kevin-bray|Kevin Bray
10000507-wisit_sasanatieng|Wisit Sasanatieng
christopher_smith|Christopher Smith
john_gulager|John Gulager
john_fortenberry|John Fortenberry
1074237-hampton_fancher|Hampton Fancher
dw_griffith|D.W. Griffith
mike_newell|Mike Newell
huw_bowen|Huw Bowen
sam_pillsbury|Sam Pillsbury
frank_r_strayer|Frank R. Strayer
stephen_daldry|Stephen Daldry
1013435-david_ross|David Ross
denis_sanders|Denis Sanders
tamra_davis|Tamra Davis
don_hulette|Don Hulette
nicholas_hytner|Nicholas Hytner
richard_talmadge|Richard Talmadge
cheh_chang|Cheh Chang
orson_welles|Orson Welles
barry_blaustein|Barry Blaustein
juliusz_machulski|Juliusz Machulski
aaron-woolf|Aaron Woolf
frank_tashlin|Frank Tashlin
carlos_reygadas_barquin|Carlos Reygadas Barquín
michael_gornick|Michael Gornick
cristian_mungiu|Cristian Mungiu
tony_randel|Tony Randel
jack_messitt|Jack Messitt
alejandro_amenabar|Alejandro Amenábar
sandra_nettelbeck|Sandra Nettelbeck
maurice_phillips|Maurice Phillips
katrina_holden_bronson|Katrina Holden Bronson
leon_gast|Leon Gast
paul_sletaune|Paul Sletaune
zeze_gamboa|Zeze Gamboa
ron_shelton|Ron Shelton
ted_demme|Ted Demme
dan_cohen|Dan Cohen
lq_jones|L.Q. Jones
william_a_graham|William A. Graham
jesse_dylan|Jesse Dylan
spencer_williams|Spencer Williams
walter_grauman|Walter Grauman
allan_burns|Allan Burns
josh_gordon|Josh Gordon
syd_macartney|Syd Macartney
hubert_cornfield|Hubert Cornfield
john_forte|John Forte
eli_cohen|Eli Cohen
mark_dindal|Mark Dindal
_0092372|Yves Boisset
tom_noonan|Tom Noonan
chris-koch|Chris Koch
gaby_dellal|Gaby Dellal
kevin_rodney_sullivan|Kevin Rodney Sullivan
1145347-john_moore|John Moore
george-tillman-jr|George Tillman Jr.
thomas_riedelsheimer|Thomas Riedelsheimer
frederick_wiseman|Frederick Wiseman
christian_volckman|Christian Volckman
jonathan_frakes|Jonathan Frakes
gregory-dark|Gregory Dark
jim_sonzero|Jim Sonzero
bobby_farrelly|Bobby Farrelly
troy_duffy|Troy Duffy
ivan_galin|Ivan Galin
victor_nunez|Victor Nunez
marcus_de_leon|Marcus De Leon
bill_corcoran|Bill Corcoran
ralph_bakshi|Ralph Bakshi
1055159-michael_moore|Michael Moore
gillies-mackinnon|Gillies MacKinnon
gela_babluani|Gela Babluani
simon_hunter|Simon Hunter
hettie_macdonald|Hettie MacDonald
john-robert-hoffman|John Robert Hoffman
nick_willing|Nick Willing
1066038-richard_moore|Richard Moore
anne_bancroft|Anne Bancroft
benjamin-ross|Benjamin Ross
gordon_hessler|Gordon Hessler
bertrand_blier|Bertrand Blier
joe_camp|Joe Camp
bill_cosby|Bill Cosby
charlie_chaplin|Charles Chaplin
raja_gosnell|Raja Gosnell
charles_jarrott|Charles Jarrott
sergei_parajanov|Sergei Parajanov
steve_bendelack|Steve Bendelack
helen_stickler|Helen Stickler
maria_blom|Maria Blom
joe_mantegna|Joe Mantegna
elliott_nugent|Elliott Nugent
sam_miller|Sam Miller
james_whale|James Whale
lina-wertmuller|Lina Wertmüller
josiane_balasko|Josiane Balasko
michael_lehmann|Michael Lehmann
mark_hanlon|Mark Hanlon
koji_kawano|Koji Kawano
akiva-schaffer|Akiva Schaffer
josef_von_sternberg|Josef von Sternberg
bruce_pittman|Bruce Pittman
nick_park|Nick Park
rachel_talalay|Rachel Talalay
bobcat_goldthwait|Bobcat Goldthwait
1129369-tom_green|Tom Green (III)
arne_glimcher|Arne Glimcher
john_stockwell|John Stockwell
sean-mathias|Sean Mathias
wayne_wang|Wayne Wang
mike_nawrocki|Mike Nawrocki
theo-angelopoulos|Theodoros Angelopoulos
michael_spierig|Michael Spierig
terence_davies|Terence Davies
steve_kloves|Steve Kloves
ian_sharp|Ian Sharp
budd_boetticher|Budd Boetticher
pedro_almodovar|Pedro Almodóvar
farrah_fawcett|Farrah Fawcett
del_shores|Del Shores
georges_lautner|Georges Lautner
peter_avanzino|Peter Avanzino
fernando_leon_de_aranoa|Fernando León de Aranoa
steven_shainberg|Steven Shainberg
olivier_dahan|Olivier Dahan
gregg_champion|Gregg Champion
robert_frank|Robert Frank
_0069833|María Luisa Bemberg
louis-saia|Louis Saïa
ben_elton|Ben Elton
gil_junger|Gil Junger
mats_bigert|Mats Bigert
robert_fuest|Robert Fuest
george_c_wolfe|George C Wolfe
agustin_diaz_yanes|Agustín Díaz Yanes
_0686304|Marcelo Piñeyro
donna_deitch|Donna Deitch
scott_silver|Scott Silver
pavel_lungin|Pavel Lungin
david_swift_ii|David Swift (II)
clint_cowen|Clint Cowen
bryan_gordon|Bryan Gordon
michael_winner|Michael Winner
bruce_robinson|Bruce Robinson
stephen_kessler|Stephen Kessler
terry_marcel|Terry Marcel
todd_robinson|Todd Robinson
jon_avnet|Jon Avnet
rod_daniel|Rod Daniel
gabriel_range|Gabriel Range
kristen_coury|Kristen Coury
harry_hook|Harry Hook
frank_coraci|Frank Coraci
hank_milestone|Umberto Lenzi
charles-stone-iii|Charles Stone III
siddiq_barmak|Siddiq Barmak
seth_gordon|Seth Gordon
victor_salva|Victor Salva
peter_askin|Peter Askin
tamar_simon_hoffs|Tamar Simon Hoffs
1143213-paul_cox|Paul Cox
zdravko_sotra|Zdravko Sotra
sandra_goldbacher|Sandra Goldbacher
simon_wincer|Simon Wincer
arthur_hiller|Arthur Hiller
jun_falkenstein|Jun Falkenstein
tom_hooper|Tom Hooper
1181454-bryan_bertino|Bryan Bertino
stephen_kay|Stephen Kay
charles_ruggles|Charles Ruggles
daniel_minahan|Daniel Minahan
eytan_fox|Eytan Fox
bob_dolman|Bob Dolman
gary_nelson|Gary Nelson
1186941-jay_lee|Jay Lee
christopher_morahan|Christopher Morahan
alejandro_gomez_monteverde|Alejandro Gomez Monteverde
andrew_fleming|Andrew Fleming
archie_mayo|Archie Mayo
rakhshan_bani_etemad|Rakhshan Bani Etemad
cliff_owen|Cliff Owen
everett_lewis|Everett Lewis
sean_ellis|Sean Ellis
carlos_saura|Carlos Saura
ethan_wiley|Ethan Wiley
sam_wanamaker|Sam Wanamaker
danny_schechter|Danny Schechter
lawrence_l_simeone|Lawrence L. Simeone
jean_marie_poire|Jean-Marie Poiré
ernie_orsatti_ii|Ernie Orsatti (II)
floyd_mutrux|Floyd Mutrux
sylvain_white|Sylvain White
harmony_korine|Harmony Korine
julie_delpy|Julie Delpy
antonio_hernandez|Antonio Hernández
burt_lancaster|Burt Lancaster
1044588-jeffrey_reiner|Jeffrey Reiner
armando_iannucci|Armando Iannucci
babak_payami|Babak Payami
les_blank|Les Blank
joby_harold|Joby Harold
robert_d_webb|Robert D. Webb
amy_ziering_kofman|Amy Ziering Kofman
dick_powell|Dick Powell
aiyana_elliott|Aiyana Elliott
robert_houston|Robert Houston
henrigeorges_clouzot|Henri-Georges Clouzot
1147718-paul_hunter|Paul Hunter
kim_sangjin|Kim Sang-jin
jonathan_darby|Jonathan Darby
reggie-rock-bythewood|Reggie Rock Bythewood
gabriele-salvatores|Gabriele Salvatores
mark_dippe|Mark Dippe
stanley_kramer|Stanley Kramer
jeff_gillen|Jeff Gillen
deepa_mehta|Deepa Mehta Saltzman
gary_trousdale|Gary Trousdale
rob_bowman|Rob Bowman
eriq_la_salle|Eriq La Salle
kumkum_bhavnani|Kum-Kum Bhavnani
fritz_lang|Fritz Lang
shekhar_kapur|Shekhar Kapur
robert_schwentke|Robert Schwentke
kevin_reynolds|Kevin Reynolds
tom_laughlin|Tom Laughlin
gerard_lauzier|Gérard Lauzier
christoffer-boe|Christoffer Boe
mark_johnson|Mark Johnson
kevin_jordan|Kevin Jordan
dover_koshashvili|Dover Koshashvili
alan_smithee|Alan Smithee
eric_darnell|Eric Darnell
michael-o-sajbel|Michael O. Sajbel
steve_baker|Steve Baker
nicolas_cage|Nicolas Cage
philip_haas|Philip Haas
roy_william_neill|Roy William Neill
_0494467|Yvan Le Moine
john-pieplow|John Pieplow
jeffrey_delman|Jeffrey Delman
raymond_de_felitta|Raymond De Felitta
joshua_white|Joshua White
michael_radford|Michael Radford
jennifer_flackett|Jennifer Flackett
marco_brambilla|Marco Brambilla
william_cameron_menzies|William Cameron Menzies
roman_coppola|Roman Coppola
james_wan|James Wan
brett-sullivan|Brett Sullivan
sarah-watt|Sarah Watt
_0343522|Randi Grossack
law_chun_lone|Law Chun Lone
makoto_shinkai|Makoto Shinkai
bruce_w_smith|Bruce W. Smith
ate_de_jong|Ate de Jong
zacharias_kunuk|Zacharias Kunuk
jonathan_winfrey|Jonathan Winfrey
ringo_lam|Ringo Lam
jean_de_segonzac|Jean de Segonzac
karim_ainouz|Karim Ainouz
bruno_bozzetto|Bruno Bozzetto
jim_wynorski|Jim Wynorski
peter_kassovitz|Peter Kassovitz
henry_levin|Henry Levin
don_mcguire|Don McGuire
ray_lawrence|Ray Lawrence
sam-garbarski|Sam Garbarski
robert_klane|Robert Klane
matthew_irmas|Matthew Irmas
burr_steers|Burr Steers
alan_hale_jr|Alan Hale Jr.
1171929-james_marsh|James Marsh
alejandro_springall|Alejandro Springall
andrei_tarkovsky|Andrei Tarkovsky
1042400-george_marshall|George Marshall
ben_burtt|Ben Burtt
baltasar_kormakur|Baltasar Kormákur
peter_israelson|Peter Israelson
changdong_lee|Chang-dong Lee
j_todd_anderson|J. Todd Anderson
georg_wilhelm_pabst|Georg Wilhelm Pabst
martin_stellman|Martin Stellman
jrichard_benjamin|JRichard Benjamin
kirsten_sheridan|Kirsten Sheridan
terrence_malick|Terrence Malick
matthew_robbins|Matthew Robbins
juan_luis_iborra|Juan Luis Iborra
roger_michell|Roger Michell
brothers_quay|Brothers Quay
stephen-chiodo|Stephen Chiodo
norman_mailer|Norman Mailer
annesophie_birot|Anne-Sophie Birot
michael_rubbo|Michael Rubbo
andy_fickman|Andy Fickman
wes_craven|Wes Craven
gordon_douglas|Gordon Douglas
philippe_de_broca|Philippe de Broca
nicholas_stoller|Nicholas Stoller
john_herzfeld|John Herzfeld
robert_diaz_leroy|Robert Diaz Leroy
don_roos|Don Roos
chris_mancini|Chris Mancini
vladimir_menshov|Vladimir Menshov
gary_hardwick|Gary Hardwick
randa_haines|Randa Haines
martha-fiennes|Martha Fiennes
ali-selim|Ali Selim
takeshi_nozue|Takeshi Nozue
barbara_sonneborn|Barbara Sonneborn
craig_mazin|Craig Mazin
jordan_brady|Jordan Brady
james_redford|James Redford
john-leekley|John Leekley
frederic_fonteyne|Frédéric Fonteyne
1041643-david_greene|David Greene
henri_verneuil|Henri Verneuil
jule_dash|Jule Dash
monika_treut|Monika Treut
laetitia_colombani|Laetitia Colombani
art_linson|Art Linson
dennis_rodman|Dennis Rodman
robert_duvall|Robert Duvall
youngyooth_thongkonthun|Youngyooth Thongkonthun
nicolas_philibert|Nicolas Philibert
robert_shaye|Robert Shaye
robert_dalva|Robert Dalva
richard_lowenstein|Richard Lowenstein
hiroyuki-tanaka|Hiroyuki Tanaka
roger_kumble|Roger Kumble
jean_francois_richet|Jean-François Richet
alexandre-aja|Alexandre Aja
burt_kennedy|Burt Kennedy
john_n_smith|John N. Smith
eddie_murphy|Eddie Murphy
jeff_abugov|Jeff Abugov
bonnie_hunt|Bonnie Hunt
dave_mckean|Dave McKean
lisa_krueger|Lisa Krueger
irving_pincus|Irving Pincus
david_mirkin|David Mirkin
christian_frei|Christian Frei
mark_l_lester|Mark L. Lester
nickolas_perry|Nickolas Perry
burt_reynolds|Burt Reynolds
ha_myeongjung|Ha Myeong-Jung
chris_paine|Chris Paine
eric_rohmer|Eric Rohmer
ellen_kuras|Ellen Kuras
todd_louiso|Todd Louiso
casey_la_scala|Casey La Scala
bob_cormack|Bob Cormack
robert_mugge|Robert Mugge
phil_karlson|Phil Karlson
chan_wook_park|Chan Wook Park
christopher_mcquarrie|Christopher McQuarrie
buzz_kulik|Buzz Kulik
michael_herz|Michael Herz
jez_butterworth|Jez Butterworth
hayao_miyazaki|Hayao Miyazaki
richard_pryor|Richard Pryor
robert_allman|Robert Allman
alf-sjoberg|Alf Sjöberg
james_foley|James Foley
jules_bass|Jules Bass
jared_hess|Jared Hess
tony_giglio|Tony Giglio
david_frankel|David Frankel
dick_zondag|Dick Zondag
chen_kaige|Chen Kaige
frank_henenlotter|Frank Henenlotter
andrei_kavun|Andrei Kavun
_0783676|Arna Selznick
jiang_wen|Wen Jiang
charlton_heston|Charlton Heston
_0434211|George Kaczender
aluisio_abranches|Aluisio Abranches
kevin_lima|Kevin Lima
edward_zwick|Edward Zwick
c_jay_cox|C. Jay Cox
joe_wright|Joe Wright
alexandre_rockwell|Alexandre Rockwell
tim_robbins|Tim Robbins
helen_hunt|Helen Hunt
joseph_dorman|Joseph Dorman
antony_hoffman|Antony Hoffman
gregor_jordan|Gregor Jordan
gunther_von_fritsch|Gunther von Fritsch
henry_corra|Henry Corra
scott_glosserman|Scott Glosserman
enrique_tovar_avalos|Enrique Tovar Avalos
jay_russell|Jay Russell
kurt_wimmer|Kurt Wimmer
david_silverman|David Silverman
michael_tollin|Michael Tollin
robert_greenwald|Robert Greenwald
david-von-ancken|David Von Ancken
daniel_vigne|Daniel Vigne
albert_lewin|Albert Lewin
james_frawley|James Frawley
andy_wachowski|Andy Wachowski
mark_medoff|Mark Medoff
jeremy_haft|Jeremy Haft
jacques_audiard|Jacques Audiard
michael_schorr|Michael Schorr
jim_malone|Jim Malone
david_greenwalt|David Greenwalt
claudia_carey|Claudia Carey
162659443|Lasse Hallström
jeff_tremaine|Jeff Tremaine
gary_fleder|Gary Fleder
mark_rydell|Mark Rydell
_0064600|Harry Beaumont
james_ponsoldt|James Ponsoldt
eric-valli|Eric Valli
hilary_birmingham|Hilary Birmingham
betsy_chasse|Betsy Chasse
gabor_csupo|Gabor Csupo
alan_shapiro|Alan Shapiro
gregory_la_cava|Gregory La Cava
gaspar_noe|Gaspar Noe
daryl_duke|Daryl Duke
richard_marquand|Richard Marquand
jamie_blanks|Jamie Blanks
louis_malle|Louis Malle
mark_herman|Mark Herman
aleksandr_alov|Aleksandr Alov
malik_bader|Malik Bader
elliot_silverstein|Elliot Silverstein
christopher_canaan|Christopher Canaan
valerie_red_horse|Valerie Red-Horse
darren_doane|Darren Doane
hirotsugu_kawasaki|Hirotsugu Kawasaki
amy-berg|Amy Berg
tiffanie_debartolo|Tiffanie DeBartolo
alex_winter|Alex Winter
craig_baldwin|Craig Baldwin
leo_mccarey|Leo McCarey
eric_blakeney|Eric Blakeney
jeff_cochran|Jeff Cochran
claudio_faeh|Claudio Faeh
michael_ian_black|Michael Ian Black
hal_walker|Hal Walker
douglas_hickox|Douglas Hickox
pierre_salvadori|Pierre Salvadori
sarah-gavron|Sarah Gavron
rich_wilkes|Rich Wilkes
oliver_stone|Oliver Stone
david_wain|David Wain
sarah_kernochan|Sarah Kernochan
_0872823|Lawrence Trilling
hideo_nakata|Hideo Nakata
yash_chopra|Yash Chopra
stephan_low|Stephan Low
per-fly|Per Fly
harry_sinclair|Harry Sinclair
robert_wiene|Robert Wiene
jeff_lieberman|Jeff Lieberman
woody_allen|Woody Allen
masanori_hata|Masanori Hata
tom_mcgrath|Tom McGrath
alastair_fothergill|Alastair Fothergill
anton_leader|Anton Leader
kevin_munroe|Kevin Munroe
nagisa_oshima|Nagisa Oshima
joel_silberg|Joel Silberg
robert_shallcross|Robert Shallcross
kirby_dick|Kirby Dick
charles_dutton|Charles Dutton
carl-deal|Carl Deal
ron_howard|Ron Howard
peter_bonerz|Peter Bonerz
bob-babbitt|Bob Babbitt
george-pavlou|George Pavlou
kevin_brownlow|Kevin Brownlow
barbara_kopple|Barbara Kopple
bruce_mcdonald|Bruce McDonald
samir|Samir Naqqash
finn_taylor|Finn Taylor
susan_seidelmun|Susan Seidelmun
chatrichalerm_yukoi|Chatrichalerm Yukoi
christopher-ashley|Christopher Ashley
jim_mallon|Jim Mallon
newt_arnold|Newt Arnold
gabriele_muccino|Gabriele Muccino
william_friedkin|William Friedkin
alfred-sole|Alfred Sole
paul_michael_glaser|Paul Michael Glaser
albert_hughes|Albert Hughes
nico_mastorakis|Nico Mastorakis
antonio_tibaldi|Antonio Tibaldi
walter-salles-jr|Walter Salles Jr.
joe_layton|Joe Layton
jamie_johnson|Jamie Johnson
lionel-coleman|Lionel Coleman
bruce_lee|Bruce Lee
jean_yarbrough|Jean Yarbrough
damian_nieman|Damian Nieman
paul_unwin|Paul Unwin
pekka_parikka|Pekka Parikka
sam_henry_kass|Sam Henry Kass
rene_clement|René Clément
gough_lewis|Gough Lewis
stephen_t_kay|Stephen T. Kay
barbara_bach|Barbara Bach
cameron_crowe|Cameron Crowe
tran-anh-hung|Anh Hung Tran
fina_torres|Fina Torres
michael_petroni_ii|Michael Petroni (II)
diego_lerman|Diego Lerman
gerardo-vera|Gerardo Vera
liev_schreiber|Liev Schreiber
mike-gabriel|Mike Gabriel
fraser_heston|Fraser Clarke Heston
andrew_marton|Andrew Marton
alfred_e_green|Alfred E. Green
roy_del_ruth|Roy Del Ruth
lance_hool|Lance Hool
peter_schonau_fog|Peter Schønau Fog
luis_puenzo|Luis Puenzo
kerry_asmussen|Kerry Asmussen
bryan_forbes|Bryan Forbes
tonino_vale_ii|Tonino Valerii
jay-roach|Jay Roach
boaz_yakin|Boaz Yakin
giuliano_montaldo|Giuliano Montaldo
gary_weis|Gary Weis
jason_freeland|Jason Freeland
frank_tuttle|Frank Tuttle
niall_johnson|Niall Johnson
danny_pang|Danny Pang
mark_waters_viii|Mark Waters (VIII)
jack_arnold|Jack Arnold
habib-azar|Habib Azar
stanley_donen|Stanley Donen
yasmina-reza|Yasmina Reza
jegyu_kang|Je-gyu Kang
juan_carlos_tabio|Juan Carlos Tabío
nikita_mikhalkov|Nikita Mikhalkov
john_cornell|John Cornell
1110733-rand_ravich|Rand Ravich
colin_higgins|Colin Higgins
steve_mcqueen_iii|Steve McQueen (III)
andrew_stanton|Andrew Stanton
danny_boyle|Danny Boyle
tod_williams|Tod Williams
lisa_gottlieb|Lisa Gottlieb
alan_rudolph|Alan Rudolph
gregory_hoblit|Gregory Hoblit
jeb_stuart|Jeb Stuart
ondi_timoner|Ondi Timoner
770756576|Marian Terlecki
ken_finkleman|Ken Finkleman
dewey-nicks|Dewey Nicks
jacob_aaron_estes|Jacob Aaron Estes
peter_farrelly|Peter Farrelly
peter_davis|Peter Davis
clare_peploe|Clare Peploe
william_asher|William Asher
jon_turteltaub|Jon Turteltaub
richard_whorf|Richard Whorf
1173408-billy_corben|Billy Corben
dave-filoni|Dave Filoni
ferzan_ozpetek|Ferzan Ozpetek
ulrike_koch|Ulrike Koch
damien_odonnell|Damien O'Donnell
vern-oakley|Vern Oakley
angela_christlieb|Angela Christlieb
david_lynch|David Lynch
ol_parker|Ol Parker
_0823906|Wolfgang Staudte
phil_joanou|Phil Joanou
kasi_lemmons|Kasi Lemmons
david-leaf|David Leaf
imogen_kimmel|Imogen Kimmel
vanessa_parise|Vanessa Parise
rolf_de_heer|Rolf de Heer
1144150-fred_wolf|Fred Wolf
senthil_kumar|Senthil Kumar
bert_i_gordon|Bert I. Gordon
gil-cates-jr|Gil Cates Jr.
1147008-andrew_gurland|Andrew Gurland
jesus_salvador_trevino|Jesús Salvador Treviño
david_keating|David Keating
rupert_harvey|Rupert Harvey
joe_mantello|Joe Mantello
john_greyson|John Greyson
jeff_balsmeyer|Jeff Balsmeyer
madison_monroe|Madison Monroe
edward_m_sedgwick|Edward M. Sedgwick
paul_mazursky|Paul Mazursky
les_mayfield|Les Mayfield
todd_field|Todd Field
kurt_voss|Kurt Voss
david_irving|David Irving
stefan_ruzowitzky|Stefan Ruzowitzky
sr_bindler|S.R. Bindler
robert_rossen|Robert Rossen
1178642-jonathan_king|Jonathan King
ernie_barbarash|Ernie Barbarash
lloyd_kaufman|Lloyd Kaufman
bibo_bergeron|Bibo Bergeron
vic_sarin|Vic Sarin
daniel_stern|Daniel Stern
danis_tanovic|Danis Tanovic
rawson_marshall_thurber|Rawson Marshall Thurber
leonard_kastle|Leonard Kastle
andrew_cymek|Andrew Cymek
doug_mcgrath|Doug McGrath
guy_crawford|Guy Crawford
charles_burnett|Charles Burnett
alain_resnais|Alain Resnais
blair_treu|Blair Treu
john_gatins|John Gatins
darrell_roodt|Darrell Roodt
guy_green|Guy Green
reginald_hudlin|Reginald Hudlin
_0412999|Dariusz Jablonski
lynn_hershmannleeson|Lynn Hershmann-Leeson
jeff-wadlow|Jeff Wadlow
patrick_hasburgh|Patrick Hasburgh
john_lafia|John Lafia
erik_skjoldbjaerg|Erik Skjoldbjaerg
dagur_kari|Dagur Kári
hert_bochner|Hert Bochner
bill_whelan|Bill Whelan
juzo_itami|Juzo Itami
tim_hill|Tim Hill
james_ivory|James Ivory
brian_robbins|Brian Robbins
amos_poe|Amos Poe
stephan_elliott|Stephan Elliott
jean_rollin|Jean Rollin
philippe_claudel|Philippe Claudel
richard_gordon|Richard Gordon
mark_decena|Mark Decena
chico_marx|Chico Marx
emilio_estevez|Emilio Estevez
770890969|Georgi Vasiliev#37678
david_raynr|David Raynr
martin_perreault|Martin Perreault
joshua-marston|Joshua Marston
howard_hawks|Howard Hawks
robert_towne|Robert Towne
bruce_kessler|Bruce Kessler
campbell_scott|Campbell Scott
richard_quine|Richard Quine
roy_rowland|Roy Rowland
david_steinberg|David Steinberg
duncan_roy|Duncan Roy
alain_corneau|Alain Corneau
george_pollock|George Pollock
david_webb_peoples|David Webb Peoples
kim_longinotto|Kim Longinotto
robert_altman|Robert Altman
nelson_mccormick|Nelson McCormick
steven_schachter|Steven Schachter
herve_palud|Hervé Palud
po_chih_leong|Po Chih Leong
1128005-kirk_jones|Kirk Jones
peter_lord|Peter Lord
1064812-andy_jones|Andy Jones
don_mancini|Don Mancini
mikael_salomon|Mikael Salomon
eddy-terstall|Eddy Terstall
gabriel_axel|Gabriel Axel
dennis_hopper|Dennis Hopper
ash-brannon|Ash Brannon
david_moreton|David Moreton
morton_dacosta|Morton DaCosta
rupert_julian|Rupert Julian
patrick_stettner|Patrick Stettner
shirley_barrett|Shirley Barrett
sf_brownrigg|S.F. Brownrigg
joan_churchill|Joan Churchill
michael_nankin|Michael Nankin
1191225-chris_eska|Chris Eska
shinsuke_sato|Shinsuke Sato
david_mackenzie|David Mackenzie
james-cox|James Cox
jack-fisk|Jack Fisk
steven_cantor|Steven Cantor
marshall_brickman|Marshall Brickman
willard_huyck|Willard Huyck
larry_and_andy_wachowski|Larry and Andy Wachowski
ed_decter|Ed Decter
1143611-john_mckay|John McKay
ss_wilson|S.S. Wilson
kent_alterman|Kent Alterman
1146513-tim_reid|Tim Reid
jamie_uys|Jamie Uys
zev_berman|Zev Berman
katt_shea|Katt Shea
simon_langton|Simon Langton
ben_stiller|Ben Stiller
luca_bercovici|Luca Bercovici
leslie_megahey|Leslie Megahey
bill_krohn|Bill Krohn
greg_whiteley|Greg Whiteley
jill_goldman|Jill Goldman
alex_gibney|Alex Gibney
deborah_warner|Deborah Warner
allan_miller|Allan Miller
_0944981|Greg Yaitanes
michael_apted|Michael Apted
satyajit_ray|Satyajit Ray
amanda_poe|Amanda Poe
ettore_scola|Ettore Scola
henry_winkler|Henry Winkler
edoardo_ponti|Edoardo Ponti
joseph_vilsmaier|Joseph Vilsmaier
michael_schultz|Michael Schultz
nick_hurran|Nick Hurran
jeroen_krabbe|Jeroen Krabbé
abe_levitow|Abe Levitow
corey_yuen|Corey Yuen
jeanpierre_melville|Jean-Pierre Melville
nick_love|Nick Love
yann_samuell|Yann Samuell
angela_robinson_iii|Angela Robinson (III)
gus_trikonis|Gus Trikonis
_0587706|Stuart Millar
john_hillcoat|John Hillcoat
bille_august|Bille August
mira_nair|Mira Nair
davis-guggenheim|Davis Guggenheim
michael_haneke|Michael Haneke
pascal_bonitzer|Pascal Bonitzer
laslo_benedek|Laslo Benedek
hiroyuki_yamaga|Hiroyuki Yamaga
lisa_lax|Lisa Lax
mike_cahill|Mike Cahill
rob_reiner|Rob Reiner
jonathan_wacks|Jonathan Wacks
michael_verhoeven|Michael Verhoeven
john_mackenzie|John Mackenzie
thomas_k_avildsen|Thomas K. Avildsen
hugh_johnson|Hugh Johnson
chuck_russell|Chuck Russell
michael_ray_rhodes|Michael Ray Rhodes
patty_jenkins|Patty Jenkins
steve_guttenberg|Steve Guttenberg
alan_myerson|Alan Myerson
ronny_yu|Ronny Yu
1033700-henry_miller|Henry Miller
john_lasseter|John Lasseter
douglas_day_stewart|Douglas Day Stewart
mihalis_kakogiannis|Mihalis Kakogiannis
johnathan_demme|Johnathan Demme
david_atkins|David Atkins
robert_bierman|Robert Bierman
abbasmustan|Abbas-Mustan
ousmane_sembene|Ousmane Sembene
miguel_arteta|Miguel Arteta
andrew_niccol|Andrew Niccol
glenn_gordon_caron|Glenn Gordon Caron
tsai_mingliang|Tsai Ming-Liang
pascal_laugier|Pascal Laugier
keith-fulton|Keith Fulton
bryan_barber|Bryan Barber
ake-sandgren|Åke Sandgren
gary_sinyor|Gary Sinyor
terry_hughes|Terry Hughes
michael_cimino|Michael Cimino
sidney_franklin|Sidney Franklin
andrzej_bartkowiak|Andrzej Bartkowiak
pat_oconnor|Pat O'Connor
sara_botsford|Sara Botsford
michael_corrente|Michael Corrente
billy_wilder|Billy Wilder
maya_angelou|Maya Angelou
takashi_ishii|Takashi Ishii
geoffrey-g-bowers|Geoffrey G. Bowers
adam_brooks|Adam Brooks
jun_fukuda|Jun Fukuda
gus_van_sant|Gus Van Sant
thomas_j_wright|Thomas J. Wright
randall_wallace|Randall Wallace
lewis_seiler|Lewis Seiler
lucrecia_martel|Lucrecia Martel
1040953-nick_castle|Nick Castle
gary_j_tunnicliffe|Gary J. Tunnicliffe
alain_tanner|Alain Tanner
frank_a_cappello|Frank A. Cappello
scott-kalvert|Scott Kalvert
garry_marshall|Garry Marshall
jordan_susman|Jordan Susman
christopher_leitch|Christopher Leitch
craig_ferguson|Craig Ferguson
dennis_gansel|Dennis Gansel
james_orr|James Orr
jessica_bendinger|Jessica Bendinger
jerry_garcia|Jerry Garcia
eric_schwab|Eric Schwab
1048166-shawn_levy|Shawn Levy
1094889-richard_brooks|Richard Brooks (VI)
1180692-julie_gavras|Julie Gavras
khyentse_norbu|Khyentse Norbu
grigori_chukhraj_and_valentin_yezhov|Grigori Chukhraj & Valentin Yezhov
stan_lim|Stan Lim
peter_joseph|Peter Joseph
1009699-bill_maher|Bill Maher
david_wagreich|David Wagreich
jim_sharman|Jim Sharman
stuart_heisler|Stuart Heisler
milcho_manchevski|Milcho Manchevski
martin_bell|Martin Bell
christian_carion|Christian Carion
arturo_ripstein|Arturo Ripstein
tomas_gutierrez_alea|Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
anthony_harvey|Anthony Harvey
eugene_levy|Eugene Levy
hal_salwen|Hal Salwen
cheech_marin|Cheech Marin
_0566506|Bret McCormick
lewis_john_carlino|Lewis John Carlino
john_llewellyn_moxey|John Llewellyn Moxey
edward_ludwig|Edward Ludwig
julia_sweeney|Julia Sweeney
_1783083|Gina Glickman
siddharth_randeria|Siddharth Randeria
770694539|Martin McDonagh
terry_zwigoff|Terry Zwigoff
fridrik_thor_fridriksson|Fridrik Thor Fridriksson
thorkranong_sirchua|Thorkranong Sirchua
daniel_goldberg|Daniel Goldberg
penek_ratanaruang|Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
john_allison|John Allison
richard_shepard|Richard Shepard
volker_schloendorff|Volker Schlöndorff
walt_disney|Walt Disney
sidney_poitier|Sidney Poitier
cetin_inanc|Çetin Inanç
king_vidor|King Vidor
dermot_boyd|Dermot Boyd
agustin_villaronga|Agustí Villaronga
directorjohn_cassavetes|Director:John Cassavetes
val_guest|Val Guest
michael_steinberg|Michael Steinberg
rob_mckittrick|Rob McKittrick
david_duchovny|David Duchovny
ryu_murakami|Ryu Murakami
luc_besson|Luc Besson
arthur_h_nadel|Arthur H. Nadel
aaron_kim_johnston|Aaron Kim Johnston
robert_dornhelm|Robert Dornhelm
robert_n_bradbury|Robert N. Bradbury
bruce_hendricks|Bruce Hendricks
pablo_trapero|Pablo Trapero
gilbert_adler|Gilbert Adler
susan_stroman|Susan Stroman
_0000649|Paul Sorvino
michael_karbelnikoff|Michael Karbelnikoff
john_wayne|John Wayne
diane_keaton|Diane Keaton
_0119819|Veljko Bulajic
michael_rymer|Michael Rymer
martin_rosen|Martin Rosen
wd_richter|W.D. Richter
errol_morris|Errol Morris
norman_foster|Norman Foster
romuald_karmakar|Romuald Karmakar
carol_reed|Carol Reed
cindy-sherman|Cindy Sherman
kunihiko_yuyama|Kunihiko Yuyama
gregory_nava|Gregory Nava
franco_amurri|Franco Amurri
richard_rush|Richard Rush
conrad_rooks|Conrad Rooks
tom_gries|Tom Gries
roger_corman|Roger Corman
julian_richards|Julian Richards
bernard_mceveety|Bernard McEveety
fenton_bailey|Fenton Bailey
catherine_breillat|Catherine Breillat
julie_taymor|Julie Taymor
richard_compton|Richard Compton
shane_meadows|Shane Meadows
rose_troche|Rose Troche
gary_david_goldberg|Gary David Goldberg
michael_wadleigh|Michael Wadleigh
edward_neumeier|Edward Neumeier
charles_laughton|Charles Laughton
sidney_j_furie|Sidney J. Furie
frank_whaley|Frank Whaley
serif-goren|Serif Gören
karen_moncrieff|Karen Moncrieff
martin_davidson|Martin Davidson
jeff_lowell|Jeff Lowell
matty-rich|Matty Rich
jerry-schatzberg|Jerry Schatzberg
vilgot_sjoman|Vilgot Sjöman
danny_leiner|Danny Leiner
richard_dutcher|Richard Dutcher
1180189-etgar_keret|Etgar Keret
dov_kelemer|Dov Kelemer
aki_kaurismaeki|Aki Kaurismäki
peter_sehr|Peter Sehr
kevin_knoblock|Kevin Knoblock
robert_butler|Robert Butler
anthony_drazan|Anthony Drazan
richard_lester|Richard Lester
frank_popper|Frank Popper
ronald_f_maxwell|Ronald F. Maxwell
peter_docter|Pete Docter
derek_jarman|Derek Jarman
luis_mandoki|Luis Mandoki
f_gary_gray|F. Gary Gray
mohsen_makhmalbaf|Mohsen Makhmalbaf
robert_guediguian|Robert Guediguian
robin_budd|Robin Budd
john_polson|John Polson
rick_de_oliveira|Rick de Oliveira
_0365311|Scott Harris
luis_estrada|Luis Estrada
robert_zemeckis|Robert Zemeckis
pascale_bailly|Pascale Bailly
allen_hughes|Allen Hughes
mark_helfrich|Mark Helfrich
david_cronenberg|David Cronenberg
george_hickenlooper|George Hickenlooper
michael_dougherty|Michael Dougherty
christina_andreef|Christina Andreef
1105876-mark_christopher|Mark Christopher
douglas-keeve|Douglas Keeve
oliver_jongerlynck|Oliver Jongerlynck
1187216-steven_sebring|Steven Sebring
guy_ferland|Guy Ferland
david_teboul|David Teboul
james_gunn|James Gunn
_0005789|Rudolph Maté
albert_lamorisse|Albert Lamorisse
marcel_langenegger|Marcel Langenegger
mikael_ekman|Mikael Ekman
1158985-alexander_witt|Alexander Witt
daniel_j_sullivan|Daniel J. Sullivan
james_d_parriott|James D. Parriott
donald_wrye|Donald Wrye
rod_hardy|Rod Hardy
betty_kaplan|Betty Kaplan
abbas_kiarostami|Abbas Kiarostami
lesley_selander|Lesley Selander
desmond_nakano|Desmond Nakano
jaume_colletserra|Jaume Collet-Serra
colin_nutley|Colin Nutley
norio_tsuruta|Norio Tsuruta
richard_wherrett|Richard Wherrett
harve_foster|Harve Foster
robert_lepage|Robert Lepage
wych_kaosayananda|Wych Kaosayananda
_0532467|Lorene Machado
adam_simon|Adam Simon
stephen_low|Stephen Low
guy_ritchie|Guy Ritchie
stephen_higgins|Stephen Higgins
mitch_marcus|Mitch Marcus
duncan_mclachlan|Duncan McLachlan
marcel_carne|Marcel Carné
arthur_barron|Arthur Barron
ron_koslow|Ron Koslow
jerry-rees|Jerry Rees
joseph_ruben|Joseph Ruben
jim_gillespie|Jim Gillespie
timo_vuorensola|Timo Vuorensola
slava_tsukerman|Slava Tsukerman
sergei-bodrov|Sergei Bodrov
niki_caro|Niki Caro
menahem_golan|Menahem Golan
ben_stassen|Ben Stassen
john_alan_schwartz|John Alan Schwartz
eric_till|Eric Till
robert_luketic|Robert Luketic
jerzy_hoffman|Jerzy Hoffman
sergio_leone|Sergio Leone
andrew_oconnor|Andrew O'Connor
robert_hamer|Robert Hamer
roger_vadim|Roger Vadim
1180768-jimmy_hayward|Jimmy Hayward
joe_berlinger|Joe Berlinger
scott_j_gill|Scott J. Gill
michael_straczynski|J. Michael Straczynski
1053315-john_hughes|John Hughes
george_gallo|George Gallo
gerd_oswald|Gerd Oswald
iain_softley|Iain Softley
kaneto_shindo|Kaneto Shindô
michael_showalter|Michael Showalter
steve_carr|Steve Carr
brendan-malloy|Brendan Malloy
michael_katleman|Michael Katleman
dan_curtis|Dan Curtis
gordon_chan|Gordon Chan
jacques_tati|Jacques Tati
vincenzo_natali|Vincenzo Natali
sergei_eisenstein|Sergei M. Eisenstein
robert_mulligan|Robert Mulligan
_0734747|Mic Rodgers
lauren_lazin|Lauren Lazin
claude_lelouch|Claude Lelouch
dean_murphy|Dean Murphy
renny_harlin|Renny Harlin
john_irvin|John Irvin
pierre_de_moro|Pierre De Moro
bill_plympton|Bill Plympton
pochih_leong|Po-Chih Leong
daisy_von_scherler_mayer|Daisy von Scherler Mayer
mark_rosman|Mark Rosman
richard_taylor|Richard Taylor
geoffrey_wright|Geoffrey Wright
david_drury|David Drury
meiert-avis|Meiert Avis
iara_lee|Iara Lee
jordan_roberts|Jordan Roberts
lavinia_currier|Lavinia Currier
deryn_warren|Deryn Warren
taylor_hackford|Taylor Hackford
suri_krishnamma|Suri Krishnamma
bo_welch|Bo Welch
dziga_verto|Dziga Vertov
christophe_barratier|Christophe Barratier
tom_decerchio|Tom DeCerchio
zack_snyder|Zack Snyder
michael_miller|Michael Miller
jefery_levy|Jefery Levy
theodore_witcher|Theodore Witcher
lea_pool|Léa Pool
1041838-tom_holland|Tom Holland
barry_shear|Barry Shear
jesse_moss|Jesse Moss
cedric_klapisch|Cédric Klapisch
jean_renoir|Jean Renoir
lewis_coates|Luigi Cozzi
paul_weitz|Paul Weitz
bob_radler|Bob Radler
lee_grant|Lee Grant
jeanclaude_lord|Jean-Claude Lord
roger_christian|Roger Christian
neema_barnette|Neema Barnette
tsui_pak_lam|Tsui Pak Lam
pooja_bhatt|Pooja Bhatt
don__edmonds|Don  Edmonds
janusz_kaminski|Janusz Kaminski
annette-haywoodcarter|Annette Haywood-Carter
christian_nyby|Christian Nyby
jean_francois_pouliot|Jean-François Pouliot
_0442455|Mika Kaurismäki
jeremiah_s_chechik|Jeremiah S. Chechik
michael_mayer_vi|Michael Mayer (VI)
rouben_mamoulian|Rouben Mamoulian
nancy_savoca|Nancy Savoca
john_farrow|John Farrow
steven_seagal|Steven Seagal
sally_mattison|Sally Mattison
benjamin_christensen|Benjamin Christensen
quentin_tarantino|Quentin Tarantino
doug_pray|Doug Pray
craig_rosenberg|Craig Rosenberg
ed_solomon|Ed Solomon
robert_b_weide|Robert B. Weide
noam_murro|Noam Murro
_0201304|Gregory Poirier
robert_singer|Robert Singer
frederik_du_chau|Frederik Du Chau
bob-giraldi|Bob Giraldi
alejandro_gonzalez_inniaritu|Alejandro González Iñárritu
ryan_fleck|Ryan Fleck
douglas_cheek|Douglas Cheek
daniel_myrick|Daniel Myrick
adam_resnick|Adam Resnick
theo-avgerinos|Theo Avgerinos
istvan_szabo|István Szabó
graeme_clifford|Graeme Clifford
1042523-george_miller|George Miller
luis_valdez|Luis Valdez
377794703|Sönke Wortmann
hiroshi_inagaki|Hiroshi Inagaki
deepa-mehta|Deepa Mehta
nnegest_likke|Nnegest Likké
jeff-blitz|Jeff Blitz
1059231-john_waters|John Waters
andreykonchalovskiy|Andrey Konchalovskiy
theodore_j_flicker|Theodore J. Flicker
charlie_peters|Charlie Peters
eli_roth|Eli Roth
basil_gelpke_ray_mccormack|Basil Gelpke & Ray McCormack
erik_van_looy|Erik Van Looy
anthony_hickox|Anthony Hickox
paul_haggis|Paul Haggis
rob_moss|Rob Moss
doug_atchison|Doug Atchison
1045216-jim_mckay|Jim McKay
_0290371|Pietro Francisci
sam_green|Sam Green
allen_baron|Allen Baron
1190387-nic_balthazar|Nic Balthazar
terry_gilliam|Terry Gilliam
peter_r_hunt|Peter R. Hunt
julien_duvivier|Julien Duvivier
roger_nygard|Roger Nygard
toshiaki_toyoda|Toshiaki Toyoda
bruce_campbell|Bruce Campbell
_0523821|Olaf Lubaszenko
monte_hellman|Monte Hellman
sue-kramer|Sue Kramer
eugene_jarecki|Eugene Jarecki
dmitri_vasilyev|Dmitri Vasilyev
shonda_rhimes|Shonda Rhimes
wang_xiaoshuai|Wang Xiaoshuai
rick_stevenson|Rick Stevenson
_0111656|Peter Brook
yuen_woping|Woo-ping Yuen
marc_rosenbush|Marc Rosenbush
franc_roddam|Franc Roddam
walt_becker|Walt Becker
hubert-sauper|Hubert Sauper
paul_j_bolger|Paul J. Bolger
edwin_s_porter|Edwin S. Porter
john_badham|John Badham
sam_wood|Sam Wood
david_r_ellis|David R. Ellis
ken_klein|Ken Klein
charles_crichton|Charles Crichton
bill_paxton|Bill Paxton
jean-bach|Jean Bach
zelda_barron|Zelda Barron
jack-baxter|Jack Baxter
leon_ichaso|Leon Ichaso
agnes_varda|Agnès Varda
andre_techine|Andre Techine
lang_elliott|Lang Elliott
sharon-maguire|Sharon Maguire
maria_maggenti|Maria Maggenti
david_hare|David Hare
george_waggner|George Waggner
cicely_tyson|Cicely Tyson
henry_hathaway|Henry Hathaway
allan_moyle|Allan Moyle
leslie_norman|Leslie Norman
1172948-robert_wilson|Robert Wilson
phyllida_lloyd|Phyllida Lloyd
jed_weintrob|Jed Weintrob
ellory_elkayem|Ellory Elkayem
sam_peckinpah|Sam Peckinpah
michael_lembeck|Michael Lembeck
marshall_herskovitz|Marshall Herskovitz
jose_padilha|José Padilha
guiseppe_tornatore|Giuseppe Tornatore
deborah_kaplan|Deborah Kaplan
craig_brewer|Craig Brewer
herman_shumlin|Herman Shumlin
don-hawks|Don Hawks
hany-abuassad|Hany Abu-Assad
oliver_hirschbiegel|Oliver Hirschbiegel
jon_favreau|Jon Favreau
christopher_crowe|Christopher Crowe
1054857-peter_duncan|Peter Duncan
bharat_nalluri|Bharat Nalluri
ken-shapiro|Ken Shapiro
elia_kazan|Elia Kazan
zoe_r_cassavetes|Zoe R. Cassavetes
david_kim|David Kim
ron-casden|Ron Casden
krzysztof_kieslowski|Krzysztof Kieslowski
pen_densham|Pen Densham
cesc_gay|Cesc Gay
elia_suleiman|Elia Suleiman
stig_bergqvist|Stig Bergqvist
john_boulting|John Boulting
s_sylvan_simon|S. Sylvan Simon
kevin_hooks|Kevin Hooks
_0734308|David Rocksavage
john-eng|John Eng
rowan-woods|Rowan Woods
david_moreau|David Moreau
jan_kounen|Jan Kounen
lawrence_kasdan|Lawrence Kasdan
jim_goddard|Jim Goddard
spike_jonze|Spike Jonze
matt_williams|Matt Williams
pavel_chukhraj|Pavel Chukhraj
jon_kasdan|Jon Kasdan
paul_auster|Paul Auster
robert-downey-sr|Robert Downey Sr.
morgan_spurlock|Morgan Spurlock
andrew_black|Andrew Black
stephen_surjik|Stephen Surjik
gerard_stembridge|Gerard Stembridge
jack-haley-jr|Jack Haley Jr.
duncan-gibbins|Duncan Gibbins
annabel_jankel|Annabel Jankel
jerry_paris|Jerry Paris
bob_balaban|Bob Balaban
_0533145|David Mackay
ang_lee|Ang Lee
geoff_burton|Geoff Burton
lindsay_anderson|Lindsay Anderson
john_paragon|John Paragon
martine_dugowson|Martine Dugowson
w_scott_peake|W. Scott Peake
lexi_alexander|Lexi Alexander
edgar_wright|Edgar Wright
jean_vigo|Jean Vigo
nancy_meyers|Nancy Meyers
kevin_allen|Kevin Allen
emile_gaudreault|Émile Gaudreault
mike_maguire|Mike Maguire
kimberly_peirce|Kimberly Peirce
allan_dwan|Allan Dwan
_0705655|Ed Radtke
tomas-alfredson|Tomas Alfredson
steven_soderbergh|Steven Soderbergh
peter_chelsom|Peter Chelsom
william_phelps|William Phelps
nicholas_kazan|Nicholas Kazan
benoit_mariage|Benoît Mariage
scott_elliott_ii|Scott Elliott (II)
jack_lemmon|Jack Lemmon
peter_sykes|Peter Sykes
simon_callow|Simon Callow
sara_st_onge|Sara St. Onge
will_mackenzie|Will Mackenzie
britt_allcroft|Britt Allcroft
nana_dzhordzhadze|Nana Dzhordzhadze
laurent_cantet|Laurent Cantet
arlene_sanford|Arlene Sanford
howard_zieff|Howard Zieff
brett_halsey|Brett Halsey
jim_hanon_ii|Jim Hanon (II)
ray-muller|Ray Muller
david_ondaatje|David Ondaatje
lynne_ramsay|Lynne Ramsay
robert_clouse|Robert Clouse
suzanne_bier|Susanne Bier
david_swift|David Swift
nathan-frankowski|Nathan Frankowski
_0382147|Russ Hexter
craig_bolotin|Craig Bolotin
andrea-bianchi|Andrea Bianchi
mark_rucker|Mark Rucker
tom_gilroy|Tom Gilroy
dale_launer|Dale Launer
da_pennebaker|D.A. Pennebaker
dennis_dugan|Dennis Dugan
ekachai_uekrongtham|Ekachai Uekrongtham
etienne_chatiliez|Étienne Chatiliez
steve_pink|Steve Pink
tom_stoppard|Tom Stoppard
stephen_sommers|Stephen Sommers
joachim_trier|Joachim Trier
randal_kleiser|Randal Kleiser
catherine_jelski|Catherine Jelski
steve_anderson_v|Steve Anderson (V)
brian_gibson|Brian Gibson
peter_jackson|Peter Jackson
jonathan_lynn|Jonathan Lynn
dan_obannon|Dan O'Bannon
jehane_noujaim|Jehane Noujaim
sergey_bodrov|Sergey Bodrov
lance_young|Lance Young
mary_mcguckian|Mary McGuckian
sarah-robertson|Sarah Robertson
clive_donner|Clive Donner
joonho_bong|Joon-ho Bong
king_hu|King Hu
genevieve_robert|Geneviève Robert
sandor_stern|Sandor Stern
troy_beyer|Troy Beyer
frederic_back|Frédéric Back
jon_beckerman|Jon Beckerman
lee_tamahori|Lee Tamahori
anthony_mann|Anthony Mann
pamela_yates|Pamela Yates
graham_kitchener|Graham Kitchener
lone_scherfig|Lone Scherfig
gina_princebythewood|Gina Prince-Bythewood
terence_h_winkless|Terence H. Winkless
takashi_miike|Takashi Miike
kelly_reichardt|Kelly Reichardt
marc_caro|Marc Caro
david_lean|David Lean
vincent_jay_miller|Vincent Jay Miller
roland_west|Roland West
aoyama_shinji|Aoyama Shinji
darren_lynn_bausman|Darren Lynn Bousman
_0210130|Alberto De Martino
alex-steyermark|Alex Steyermark
bill_l_norton|Bill L. Norton
john_cardos|John 'Bud' Cardos
len_wiseman|Len Wiseman
seijun_suzuki|Seijun Suzuki
david_koepp|David Koepp
david_gordon_green|David Gordon Green
roland_suso_richter|Roland Suso Richter
eric-steel|Eric Steel
greg_spence|Greg Spence
john_s_robertson|John S. Robertson
ivan_passer|Ivan Passer
jennie-livingston|Jennie Livingston
adam_bernstein|Adam Bernstein
xavier_koller|Xavier Koller
kazuaki-kiriya|Kazuaki Kiriya
howard_e_baker|Howard E. Baker
buster-keaton-jr|Buster Keaton Jr.
wilfred_jackson|Wilfred Jackson
matt_stone|Matt Stone
stuart_rosenberg|Stuart Rosenberg
claire_denis|Claire Denis
brian_sloan|Brian Sloan
_0637615|Gaspar Noé
1010002-tony_martin|Tony Martin
martin_campbell|Martin Campbell
peter_medak|Peter Medak
sandra_werneck|Sandra Werneck
shelly_garrett|Shelly Garrett
alfonso_cuaron|Alfonso Cuarón
hy_averback|Hy Averback
brian_levant|Brian Levant
james_goldstone|James Goldstone
michael_campus|Michael Campus
simon_brand|Simon Brand
william_gazecki|William Gazecki
bret_michaels|Bret Michaels
cheolsu-park|Cheol-su Park
matthew_warchus|Matthew Warchus
john-lounsbery|John Lounsbery
michael_mak|Michael Mak
damian_harris|Damian Harris
_0138893|Marcel Carné
cedric_kahn|Cédric Kahn
fatih_akin|Fatih Akin
mo_ogrodnik|Mo Ogrodnik
tom_graeff|Tom Graeff
jack_gold|Jack Gold
roberto_rossellini|Roberto Rossellini
george_mccowan|George McCowan
olivier_assayas|Olivier Assayas
alberto_simone|Alberto Simone